com.zegoggles.smssync#20000:	  The new version is not uploading the text I write and picks and chooses the text I received. I manually backup and this was never an issue before......PLEASE FIX!!! This app worked perfectly before....Sent a message to developer ...no response...still not backing up all text messages!!!! Not happy!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20001:	  I have used and loved this app for a long time. Not sure what caused it but all of a sudden the messages are not auto backing up. I checked my settings and they're set for auto backup... it just doesn't. There is no recent fix or update I am missing :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20008:	  Don't use this app. It's like hacking. I used this long time ago. Now I downloaded app and Tried to update. It shows no items to backup. Last backup time is today's date and time. In that time I don't have this app. I downloaded app today 10:50 AM. it is showing 08:50 last backup time. Guys... Be careful.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20012:	  Thank you for providing for free, this app has really saved my ass in court with custody issues. While working tech support for T-Mobile I used to ALWAYS have cust download this app prior to master reset. I used to get many MANY"thank you's" than I could keep track of for providing the best cust service they ever had. Thanks for the app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20022:	  App can't work except screen and app are awake. I open another app or a call comes in and the app freezes causing me to start backing up all over. After going through that 4 times I just uninstalled 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20023:	  For a while now the app only saves the messages I send to my Gmail. What's the fix?? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20026:	  Automatic backup does not work. (Galaxy S7 Edge / Android 7.0) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20029:	  Seems to stop backing up when I leave the app, almost like it doesn't work in the background. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20030:	  I only get one half of the conversation in the backup now. How do I fix this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20033:	  I got this to back-up texts. At first--several years ago, it worked. Now, I've lost a good portion of my texts. And it is bugging me for access to my emails. Helloooo! Don't need that. I've denied it enough access. Bye... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20035:	  SMS Backup+ App is failing to backup... I tried to run the App yesterday afternoon & instead it sends an error message, "XOAuth authorization error. Please make sure you enabled IMAP in your Gmail account settings." The problem is that (after a lengthy search for how to find this "IMAP" feature in Gmail) I only discovered that Gmail IMAP was "ENABLED", so I do not know why this is error message is reoccurring over & over. The App is also requesting invasive access approvals to interface with my Gmail Acct, as follows: "SMS Backup+ would like to: Read, send, delete and manage your Email." in Gmail; then the options given to select are: "Allow" or "Deny" - (By continuing, you allow this App & Google to use your information in accordance with their respective terms of service and privacy policies.)". - This is not right or safe, & leaves App users quite vulnerable. - Also, athough SMS Backup+ has multiple URL hyperlinks in their app to read App FAQs, I was not able to find a clearly defined App "Support" (or "Contact Tech") URL link, so I have been forced to Go to Google Play & find a contact E-mail there & am still waiting for a reply. Please contact me with a reply asap. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20036:	  Does not find messages to back up anymore for 2 years 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20042:	  Good App. But since the app updated i.e. last week. I have been facing this issue that all the "SENT" TEXT MESSAGES (SMS) are being automatically uploaded in SENT ITEMS GMAIL DEFAULT LABEL FOR EMAIL. Can you shed some insight about this issue because as per understanding all the SMS should be automatically/manually uploaded in specially designated label for SMS i.e. SMS. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20043:	  Without auto-backup on Huawei P9 this product loses a star. It was 5 stars with Sony, but now I must remember to manually backup. Will there be a fix please? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20046:	  Any backup and restore app is only as good as the "restore" part. This one does the job, but not accurately, let alone perfectly. Example: it restored all my SMS and then some(!). It turns out that it restored even the SMS that I had deleted on my phone. In other words, even though I updated, the app never really synchronized again with my phone. It also restored my call history (which is a great plus), but it added a red color date on the missed calls, in other words, as if they were never retrieved. If the developer can solve these issues, then it's 5 stars for sure. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20054:	  This program no longer backs up my SENT text messages, which I need for my business to record what I send to my customers. It used to record all text messages and stopped. I noticed another review saying the same thing happened a year ago and that no one ever replied. I too reported this issue to support with no recognition that I sent a request for help. What other programs back up in a cloud the sent and received text messages? I obviously need to switch since the company does not seem to offer support for this program anymore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20057:	  This App has been great for a couple years that I've used it. However, I just realised after I switched to the Samsung GS7 that it no longer backs up outgoing messages (or backs up very few), but backs up all incoming messages. If that's fixed it will get a higher review. Otherwise a very intuitive app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20065:	  Ahhh it's stopped backing up please fix it I love this app!!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20066:	  My problem is when it restores SMS Texts it starts with the Oldest ones, if you could start with the Most Resent ones it would be great. I don't see any setting to do that. I'd like a response from the developer. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20074:	  I've noticed it no longer sends my part of the conversation to gmail, only the other part. Can this be fixed, it seems really weird to archive 50% of a long conversation. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20075:	  This app is amazing! I've switched from Samsung to LG (2nd Galaxy phone died just weeks after warranty ran out :-( I had SMS & MMS backed up to my Samsung account but LG won't access it! Did a search, found this app. Was able to use my friend's Samsung Galaxy SIII to connect to my Samsung account and restore my texts. Then use SMS Backup+ to backup the texts to my gmail account....took awhile, about an hour (3800 SMS & about 750 MMS). The App creates a folder in gmail called 'SMS' and you can view/read all your texts there...but that's not the end! I also installed SMS Backup+ on my LG and backed up all the new texts (about 2 months worth, 200 texts) to my gmail - and the app appended older texts from the same contact with the new texts (wow!!). Then went back to my LG and did a 'restore' (follow the simple directions) and voila! All my texts are in my LG phone (back to 2014) with the new ones combined with older ones - sweet! I'm impressed, thank you Jan Berkel :-) <3 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20080:	  App is great. One MAJOR problem. Someone could get around this very easily by just simply deleting the text message before it backs up. Please please please add an instant option or something lower than 1 min. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20082:	  It was working great, I had 30000 messages to backup and it did fine until it got down to about 1300. Now it keeps crashing. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20087:	  It works but does not auto-backup reliably at all. It can go days or weeks without backing up once even though I connect to wifi multiple times a day for long periods of time (and have it set to backup over wifi only). Please fix this! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20092:	  Easy to back up calls & sms to the Gmail account. But automatic backup is not working properly. After few days need to back up manually. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20113:	  Works on S7, but doesn't work all the time on Huawei GR3 with the default messaging app. If you install google messenger it will work on the GR3 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20119:	  Nice app, but if I have a Google account with 2 step factor, it seems the login not working correctly for the background service. AT least I am receiving a warning with sign-in request. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20121:	  Program used to work great. Now for some reason the sms backup is only showing the incomming sms messages. Tried with 2 different devices and was unable to fix the problem. Any help? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20129:	  Love the quick and easy ability to backup everything to my email. It makes searching for old messages easy by just doing an email search. Recently it crashes every few minutes but still continues to backup. Not sure how to fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20134:	  It looked at first as though the backup was stalling and crashing, but when I finally figure out where the texts had been stored, years' worth of texts had been successfully backed up, complete with photos that had been sent with originals. Very pleased, so much better than another app I tried that saved everything as an xml file. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20143:	   I tried to back up and restore my messages several times but it would constantly freeze in the middle of backup. Furthermore, the auto backup that I had setup never worked so when my phone crashed I lost my text messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20146:	  Not working when I'm tapping on Backup. Worked great when I used it in Nov, 16. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20151:	  At first it really did what it claimed to do. However after a while it stopped working and is no longer backing up my texts. Numerous emails to the developer went unanswered. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20152:	  The app used to worked great, however I am now having a problem restoring my messages. They all get backed up into my GMAIL, but when restoring, not all messages in threads are restored. Instead, it restores only the last message in a particular thread. Can this somehow be fixed? Have I done something wrong in the settings? Any help would be much appreciated! Thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20160:	   Worth downloading. But one question. Where in my drive are the message backed up? Because I tried to find where the messages are backed up to delete some messages, but couldn't find it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20161:	   I've been using this app for over a year now at not once has it stopped syncing or done anything it shouldn't. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20165:	   I don't know where else to seek help. I'll gladly replace 1 w/5 if I can get some help with error code just started getting. My Call /SMS back up is going to be desperately needed for court. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20174:	   Have 26000 messages doesn't work. Fails on the import thinks it's done it but hasn't. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20177:	   Whatsapp version 2.11.181 doesn't get backed up :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20179:	   I can't find were my backed up stuff is. I've looked everywhere in my G mail account & when I'm in the app & click view log, nothing shows  
com.zegoggles.smssync#20183:	   Fixed! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20184:	   because this version is not working in my phone samsung s4. Please halp me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20187:	  Restore is not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20188:	   It use to back up the texts messages I sent and the texts I received and now after update it only backs up the texts I received not mine!! Fix it please!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20198:	   The automatic back up feature on this tool isn't working at all and it's selectively choosing messages to back up. In 1 conversation of 100 messages it backs up the incoming texts but maybe 1 or 2 of my own texts. Can't even read a full conversation with 1 friend. Needs serious work! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20203:	   I tried a lot of times but it failed to restore received SMS. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20204:	   Plz tell me why it is not working in note 3 miui8 auto backup not working properly 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20208:	   The best. I've tried many other backup apps but this one is the best because it simply synchronize with Gmail, allowing me to search for SMS and Calls directly on Gmail on my desktop. Very practical. The only problem is that if I change the system language it backups everything from scratch, creating duplicate entries for each SMS or call: one for each language. Please fix this. Also, recently I have to do manual backups since it doesn't work automatically. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20211:	   Please backup my whole message. It only did back up of my sent messages. Please solve this issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20212:	  Not working properly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20214:	   Just didn't work at all for me 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20230:	   Been using it for all my text backups. Has never failed me 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20232:	   This used too work fantastic but it hasn't updated since February. I keep trying and it fails. Am I doing something wrong? ***update: figured out it disconnected from my email. But for some reason I was unable to reconnect it to my email until I hit the Wi-Fi only button. The option to reconnect to my email wasn't even there until I clicked that button. I would suggest making that easier or clearer to find.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20235:	   Used to work but now crashes on backup 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20246:	   It is a simple app, and I love the feature of backing up to my Gmail account -- makes searching my old texts so easy. However, since upgrading to Android Nougat I have had problems with the auto trigger for backing up with texts being sent or received. I no longer get auto backups, and have to manually open the app to backup my texts. This is an annoyance, especially if I forget to do it for awhile, as it is a very slow process and sometimes quits unexpectedly. Hope that can get fixed again! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20259:	  Doesn't work anymore to backup SMS in Android N. Used to work great, but the last backup date for my SMS was Nov 5. Strangely, the call log is still backing up daly. :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20264:	   Now I just get a thing that tells me it crashed all the time. I get 100 texts saved and it crashes. I'm sad. I've used this app for a year and never had problems. Now it sucks. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20267:	   I have been using this simple program for years, never fails me, yes mms would be nice, but for the sake of space I don't need it. Lovely app. Perhaps have a option to allow mms? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20269:	  To everyone who has problems with automatic backup on Android 7.0 Nougat: 1) go to Settings > Apps > SMS backup > Data usage and switch unrestricted data usage ON... 2) then go to Settings > Battery > three dot menu (up right corner) > Battery optimization > drop down menu "All apps" > SMS backup > Don't optimize > DONE. Now auto backup is working again. You're welcome. PS: it is tested only on my Nexus 5X. If you have a different model and/or altered OS, then write the review here to let everyone know was it successful or not. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20273:	   Tried to contact the developer on more than one occasion but yet to receive a reply. The app stopped working all of a sudden so needed a couple of things sorted out. Disappointed to say the least 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20275:	   Every time starts to backup it crashes. Sends me crash notices 5-10 times at a time. It's not worth the headache anymore 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20277:	   I love this soft very much. It's one of the best soft of play store. But, only one problem it's "backup & Restore" process too slow. Please, Please, Please make it faster process. Thanks the developer. :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20279:	   Automatic backup doesn't work with Android Nougat 7.0. Manual backup works. Dear developer, we would really appreciate if you can fix it. Thank you in advance! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20282:	  So I've noticed when I used my htc phone my text backed up without a problem, on my s7 now they don't. I downloaded a texting app an they backed up those without a problem. I deleted the app and just use the s7 messaging app and it doesn't back them up. Is there something wrong with my phone or is this something anyone else has noticed? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20298:	   I made three backups of my sms messages. The other two failed. This app did the job. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20302:	   Redmi note3, miui8, the app didn't work. Tapping backup didn't do anything. Had connected to Gmail account before trying. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20314:	   May I know why automatic backup setting not working, every time I have to take Backup manually. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20316:	   Only issue is MMS are not backed properly at all. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20317:	   Doesnt back up anymore. Whats going on? Used to work wonderfully....update.....ya know...all i want to do is save sum memories...its been almost 6 months since it last worked. I have emailed u with no response. Today i have to erase some txts because there are too many n my phone...for that thread anyway...is not working properly. Thanks alot. UPDATE....DELETING. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20318:	   It broke. Will only back up the received messages now. Would love a fix - this was a great app and very useful. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20321:	  Does not work at all. Uploads outgoing texts but does not backup incoming texts or any calls. Needed this for work but it's useless. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20324:	   Crashes, never actually turns off the ringer on Android 7.1 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20325:	   Worked before I switched to project-Fi, then doesn't. I use hangouts for SMS so may be hangout compatibility issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20330:	   Everytime I try to backup I get the "Unfortunately stopped" error, I also constantly get the error when using messaging. Automatically scheduled backups don't seem to be happening. Moto G3, Marshmallow, T-Mo. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20339:	   Great tool for backing app all phone contact, whatsapp, SMS, call log Whatsapp is not backing up anymore. Would be great if this is going to be fixed! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20345:	   The app is not finding any sms or mms messages using Verizon's Message+ app. Loved this app but now I'm not able to use it unless I change my text app. Hopefully developer can look into this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20346:	   Was flawless until recently. Now, I get "Unfortunately, SMS backup+ has stopped" popups from Android throughout the day. Presumably when it's trying to backup, but I can't confirm that. I think it was associated with the Verizon 6.0 update on my Note 4. I've reported through the OS. I've emailed the developer, but did not get a response. I use the new beta.. It seems the app has been abandoned. The last app update was mid 2015. Now I need to find a replacement for what this app did so flawlessly for years. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20355:	   So far, do good! Backs up regularly! Efficient. Let's me know if there's any issues with no service. Backs up instantly when asked. About to change phones, so I'll update when restored! Here's hoping! ;-) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20356:	   Had some issues to work out for a short time there, but haven't had any problems for several weeks now. Does exactly what it says... If you follow the directions. Very pleased and thankful to feel tech secure. Thank you!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20368:	  yes it is good .. But when i tried to back up my sms conversion over 100 it is not working.. one of my SMS conversion is having more than 300 messages.. it is not working for it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20373:	   As per other comments, Auto backup isn't working :/ 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20383:	   When this app works, it's absolutely perfect. However, the auto backup function doesn't work perfectly - often it'll stop without warning, and you're left to find out for yourself several weeks or months later that your backups have not been happening. It's simple to get it running again (one tap) but doesn't quite leave one with peace of mind. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20385:	   Whenever I tried to restore it always stop restore at message no 446. Try to reinstall but problem is same. Kindly let me know solution. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20387:	   Would start the process then stop all of a sudden ,and never finished. I deleted it numerous times n installed again had the same problems every time. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20389:	   Imap server settings error after 5 hours of backing up :'( What to do? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20390:	   This app is quick to fix its errors... Love this app saves directly to my email.. Love it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20396:	  Not working properly in Xiaomi MI3 miui8 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20404:	  Good app but Auto Backup doesn't work (the app is not installed on SD card BTW). Works well doing a manual backup though. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20408:	   It is easy to use and is best app...,however the auto backup function doesn't work.This should be fixed immediately. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20410:	   I know it longer backs up WhatsApp, but still works for normal SMS. If problems with automatic backup, just disable battery optimisation for the app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20419:	   Very very nice application for saving the texts. The little things is. If I send a picture it does not save in the same conversation. Can anyone help me with this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20423:	   I changed my email password. Now, of course, it cannot connect, but there's no option to change the password. Uninstalling and reinstalling does not work. Now, I'm going to have to go to another app since even starting a new Gmail account wouldn't help, as there's not an option to change the email address either. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20426:	   Auto backup doesn't work, and the app hasn't been updated in over a year. Avoid. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20428:	   Stopped working after new android version installed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20431:	    SMS after 24 September is not backup in my smartphone so plz solve this issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20434:	  Been using this app for a while without any problems. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20436:	   So, this app let me do an html export of my messages, when I returned after a reset, no option to restore from any non gmail source. Wth? This is much worse than flat out not working. So much regret. Save yourself the same. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20439:	   call log is not restoring on xperia c 4.2.2. Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20440:	   Been using this app since my first Motorola Droid 1 & hardly any hiccups in over 5 years. Excellent way to organize and see my SMS messages and call logs within my gmail folders. BTW this is not the fastest way to backup there are faster apps but it's a fail safe app that takes up little space, memory and is reliable. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20441:	   I could not run my business without this app...it almost acts like a FREE automated CRM 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20449:	   Its not alway getting the other half of the conversation. Please fix this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20451:	   With Android 6 it's not doing backup as well it's not restoring backup messages. Development team plz check for this issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20456:	  It used to work well but now it just doesn't sync properly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20458:	   This app was awesome until it stopped backing up automatically. This has been going on for a while now with still no fix!! Please please please can it be fixed soon 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20466:	   Not work properly in sumsang j5 16 show idel not backup any time calls and sms plz do needful solve problem 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20467:	   I continue to be amazed that this app's functions are still not built in to Android yet. But given that, SMS Backup + is the *only* and best solution to the problem of needing to backup your texts, MMS messages, and even your call log straight to your gmail account. Thank you! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20476:	   It didn't work for 6 months or so but it does again 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20481:	   I have used this for a few years now and haven't had a single problem when my phones die and I need to pick up were I left off. In truth I forget it's there until I need it. Absolutely a must if you do any type of business via text like I do. I get a carbon copy of inbound and outbound text to my email account so I can print them for any problems that occurs and might end up in court. Set it and forget it. You will be glad one day. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20482:	   ... Is a must-have. Never had any problems with it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20483:	   I just tried a a test, backing up using sms backup+ and after the restore I see it brought back all the sms messages but none of the call logs. It has a check mark box to backup and restore call logs why is this not working? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20489:	  This app hasn't been updated in over a year. I wonder if the developers are even listening anymore. I have used and loved SMS Backup+ for years, but since installing it on my HTC One M9 running Android 6.0, it isn't working correctly. First, it wouldn't restore all of my old messages. Fine, they're still stored in Gmail. Not a huge deal. But now the process of even backing them up has become rife with bugs. It crashes almost constantly during automated backups. I have to run it manually every so often to make sure messages are being saved. I would have moved on to other alternatives by now, but I want (and haven't been able to find) something that uses Gmail like this one does, as I love having all of my texts searchable in that format. Please fix this app so I can update to 5 stars, as it has long deserved. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20491:	  Excellent app! Not sure why I always went the SMS Backup & Restore route when this was available. Don't get me wrong SMS Backup & Restore is excellent but as a technology enthusiast who switches phones like underwear I seriously wish this was in my life earlier. Having all your SMS and MMS messages backed up into Gmail labeled "SMS" is the best thing ever. Completely searchable, all MMS / attachments on the original messages in the threads, perfect! Great way to leave behind moving messages only to make your phone slow and full from years and years worth of messages. I just backed up 42,572 messages, not going to look back! App also can be scheduled to do incremental as well, if it pauses / hangs in backup it continues where it left off so no worries about duplicates if your like me coming with a ton of messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20496:	  Not working on my new HTC One M9. Shows connecting to my google mail account for ten minutes or more, but never backs anything up. No meaningful error message. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20498:	   Worked flawlessly until the August update. Now no backup of MMS and crashes all the time! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20500:	   This app wass easy to install an worked great! Messages are updated instantly to gmail and creates a separate folder for all text messages. Was an Awesome App! IT JUST STOPPED WORKING!!! Months ago and I've tried everything and nothing helps! Can't even get any customer support!! SUCKS!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20504:	   App is very good I can able to restored my lost SMS but this app doesn't backup the SMS automatically even the option is active. Please update the app without any bug. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20506:	   It worked fine the first time I used it but now it only seems to save my incoming messages. It won't save my outgoing messages. Am I doing something wrong or it it just a bug? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20518:	   This used to be the best app to backup my texts. But it has a bug and it refuses to backup anything anymore irregardless of uninstalling and reinstalling. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20520:	   Now its not backing up everything I had program over 3 years and now its just now backing up for time periods please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20528:	   But had issues backing anything up after initial setup 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20532:	  Was working very well, but about 6 months ago, it stops to perform backups automatically, We should do this by pressing the "Backup Now" buttom, i.e. Manually! Should you fix it please. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20544:	   I have around 41,188 messages and it takes ages to restore and that too it's incomplete. Please fix it. My Internet speed is fine (if it counts). 50mbps. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20550:	  Keep getting backup errors! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20553:	   Only backs up texts received, not sent. Does not work as stated, would give zero stars if I could. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20555:	   One issue I see is the way it formats messages for Gmail. If a person is in my contacts with an email address, the phone number they texted from is buried in an X-header. Makes it hard to look for texts by phone number since Gmail doesn't allow filtering by headers. Would be nice to have the number included in the subject line. Still, a good app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20557:	   Now this App doesn't backup to sched, will not backup by settings, backup fails at end of the month--every 7 days will not backup as config; manual backup now used primarily. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20564:	   Worked perfect till I updated to 4.1.2. Now it crashes every time it tries to back up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20566:	  This app is absolutely incredible! I never have to worry about losing my texts or my call logs. If my phone were to crash, I know everything is backed up safe and sound in my email. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20568:	   Connection error fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20577:	   Not backing up my sent message with the text conversation please fix ASAP!!!! Still having this issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20581:	  Excellent app! Use it for work and it has saved my life more than once when trying to remember if I had returned a phone call or sent a text message. My only issue is that since Marshmallow it seems that sometimes it will stop backing up automatically. When I check my calendar and don't see recent call logs, I have to open the app and backup manually to get it going again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20584:	   For some reason it will not work with the note 7 .. it never backs up anymore and when it does it only backs up received messages. I've emailed you all and never got a response back 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20591:	   Keep getting errors 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20595:	   I switch from touchwiz to aosp often because I play around with modifications and such, and for anyone wonder it does work between the two without any problems, also works on and between lollipop and marshmallow. -- works between phones, tested by transferring over from the galaxy s5 to the galaxy note 7, works great even with the note 7 being rooted. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20597:	   I had formated, broke, my phone system crashed and all more happened .. And this was the saver. Using it since many years now.. Must have... Brilliant app made . One suggestion for the app developers please put one more option if possible that is 'contacts backup' it will be really helpful and I think it will be a complete app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20598:	   I installed it and ran backup. It backed up some messages and then stalled. I restarted my phone, now whenever I open the app, all I get is a black screen. I uninstalled, rebootef, then reinstalled and I'm getting the same problem. I think there are corrupted files that don't get uninstalled, but I can't find them. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20601:	   I use to be able to restore my text.. I see them in my email, but they won't load back to my messages. Very unhappy. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20603:	   Must have app on your phone but it would be much more useful if you guys add whatsapp backup also. Need some improvement in UI. Thanks. Only missed calls is backing up. Please fix this issue. Thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20610:	  I keep getting a backup/restore error....I followed the instructions and when I backed up it stops. what can I do? I installed the app, access to my gmail, then backup....and it starts then 30 seconds later stops. "error cannot connect to host" what does this mean? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20619:	   Been using it for years. Never crashes. Never fails. The best. Thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20621:	  This used to work pretty well on my S4 , Nexus 5 and YU. Recently I bought Mi Note 3 and installed SMS Backup+. But auto backup isn't happening . Is it Mi's issue or SMS backup+ is not compatible ? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20623:	   It used to work so well. Then I noticed it wouls just backup some messages not all. Then i switched from the note 5 to thw HTC 10 and it worked fine. Not that ive switched to the note 7 its not working again. What's the deal with the notes,? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20630:	   I keep getting an error message everytime I try to restore the messages 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20631:	   Backed up everything I needed. Texts, messages, call logs.. Something I couldn't get out of other apps... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20638:	   Love, used to restore countless amounts of times. Just works! Never had a issue and I have it to auto back up instantly didn't even put a drain on the battery. Interface be a little outdated but this is a utility. A set and forget it. And you don't need to worry, the app has your back! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20641:	  Auto sync not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20647:	  Sadly doesn't work on Lenovo P780 at all 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20650:	   Simple, works, thanx. I have been backed up more than 1.500 log for the last 5 years and there wasn't any problem bug or else. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20665:	  It didn't work the 1st time that I installed it. I had to uninstall it & reinstall it. Now it works. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20670:	   I started using this app when I started having problems with a previous employer as a way to cover my rear. It had proven to be even more useful for those sweet texts I get from my love among other things and keeps my phone memory higher and run smoother because I don't have a message thread full of texts I dont want to delete! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20671:	   Did not work on my Republic Wireless Moto G. All it would say is that there were no items to backup. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20672:	  please help.. After 4 years this has stopped working on my device. The last date it restored to my gmail is 07/07/2016. if I try and back up it pretends to restore but never links .I t has been a fab app until now and i need itto be again. 1* because of the issues I am having and the developer not contacting me back 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20674:	   This app does not work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20676:	   After going through a number of apps which didn't work as suggested, I finally found a working one..Love the app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20677:	  Works fine for a few days at a time, then spends an entire day crashing every 5 minutes, leaving a pop up asking if I want to report it. Today has been one of those crash days. Very annoying. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20681:	   Until a day ago, this was a five star app. Now it crashes constantly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20684:	   Didn't work. But this App did 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20685:	  First and maybe only review. I had a botched update to my phone (sony....worst computer software ever.) Anyway the net result is that I couldn't access the settings on my android phone, I couldn't access the homescreen or the app drawer or basically anything, by some miracle I could just about get to the custom lockscreen I had, and by receiving a text in this crippled state I was able to get to the messages app, which still had all my messages, so I knew the data was there. I tried various programs to get the SMS off the phone onto my computer but none of them worked as it relied on going to the settings which was inaccessible for me :/ By some crazy bodging I managed to get to the wifi setting and turn on my wifi, and also managed to get to the app store to subsequently open this app, finally I connected it to my gmail account and pressed backup....and it did! 2-3 hours after the botched update I'm now sitting looking at my phone slowly tick off all the sms and seeing them appear in my gmail, this beautiful app saved my arse and earned my loyalty, when I have a spare few quid, this dev is getting a donation! Major Kudos o7 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20686:	  Every once in a while this app stops backing up texts and messages, sent and received. I now have lost over 2 weeks of texts because this app decided to stop working. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20690:	  Scheduled backup doesn't work. You have to manually do it! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20696:	   Using it for many years, never had a problem 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20708:	   Does what it claims to do but why have an auto backup menu option when it doesn't work? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20710:	   For my most important contact and two others, only my side of the conversation was saved. Another contact wasn't saved at all. Ridiculous because I trusted this app would do what it advertised, not only 20% of the time. Plus, it took forever to do a terrible job. I had to wipe my phone and lost some very important information. Thanks a lot. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20714:	  Was great but now it doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20716:	  I'm furious. I didn't have a problem before, it backed up fine (I would do it manually) and it would show the conversations in my gmail. However, I checked today, and for I don't even know how long, months, it has been backing up only MY sent texts, not my received texts. So, wtf. There's no point even in having this is it doesn't even back up the received messages. That's the only reason I needed it. I need those received texts and now I have none. If I could give zero stars I would. I'm furious. There has to be a way to retrieve those messages. It went somewhere!! I always did it manual and it said it backed up and listen #/# files backing up) so where the hell did they go? I need them. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20728:	   This app was great but now it has stopped restoring. The backup log indicates messages have been backed up, but when I choose restore it doesn't move past "calculating". Any help will be appreciated 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20735:	   Sometimes not working. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20742:	  This app is very much good because it create the email backup as scheduled. But it does not support backing up sometime. When reinstalling the app again and again, the problem remain unsolved. That;s the problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20747:	   I love this app very. At the beginning it used to backup whatsapp mesaage. But since whatsapp upgraded its encryption to crypt 5,6,7 to till date, this app doesn't work for whatsapp anymore. Please update it for whatsapp messege backup also please..... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20748:	  This is a good app when it works. I've tried using it on-and-off for a couple years, but after several "breaks" and slow fixes, I've uninstalled again tonight. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20752:	   My backup isnt downloading to my s4...keeps giving me a IO error messages... how do i fix this problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20754:	   It stopped working suddenly and keeps saying "cannot connect to the host." :/ please fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20762:	  Had the same issue with not auto backing up, changed power options to never optimise seems to have fixed the issue :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20770:	   Auto backup is not working... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20771:	  I have a problem on Xiaomi Note nothing to sync it said 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20775:	  Worst app ever from so long I am using this app, when I am going to restore my messages I an not getting, now I am seeing it's real face and I loss my useful data pls don't go for this one, single star also waste for this junk 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20785:	   This app works great - I've used it to restore messages when moving to another phone without any issues 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20786:	   This will backup your SMS's to your email account to prevent them from ever being deleted, unless by you. If the auto scheduled backup isn't working, you'll need to disable it from automatic power saving mode performed by your phone in your power settings. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20789:	   Restore used to work. Now I get an error when trying to restore messages. Im sad now 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20792:	   I have used this app successfully for a few yrs now. The only problem I have had during that time is that it won't restore sms to my phone. I have used it on all my Samsung Galaxy series starting with the S3 to my current S6 model. So that part has been a minor disappointment. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20793:	  So far so good. It works as advertised. I have not used any of the advanced features yet so holding off on 5-stars for the moment, but my Android 6.0 and Gmail synced up my SMS messages with almost no effort. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20794:	  Suddenly CONSTANTLY crashing. It's not any good now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20801:	   I love this app. The same simple interface is fantastic. Thank you for that. I always have one issue which I don't mind so much and that is whenever I get a new device I have to map this app to a specific directory in Gmail otherwise it doesn't work. But once I get it mapped it's back to the ol reliable sms backup +. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20804:	   Been using this for a few years, never had a problem. Handy when you switch phones to transfer all your texts. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20815:	   It's not restoring my texts to my new phone. It keeps saying error. It says all my texts are backed up and at one point was restoring them but then timed out half way through, which took about 10 hours btw... then stopped -_- please fix it! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20833:	   Fails every time with IO Error 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20843:	   Messages with the label SMS only appear when you click on that label from the list - they will NOT display among all other messages in the "general" inbox, no matter if you change the settings to do so. Not very good as initially I'd thought the sync failed. Overall good to know it worked though. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20858:	   Please don't download 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20859:	   Does not restore everything and t make matters worse if you restart the app after stopping it it has to sync all over again from scratch. The app also does not properly backup automatically. Perhaps the authors of this app should address issues in these reviews before they start begging for donations. I know what do i expect for something free, but if it does not work what good is it? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20860:	  I am also having issues where its no longer automatically backing up, like it used to do. Both my wife and i use it, and both are doing the same thing. Occasionally it will backup, but more so, it doesnt and i have to manually do it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20862:	   Just several weeks ago, it started to have errors. It no longer backed up my data. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20867:	  I wouldn't use any other backup app after using this 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20871:	   I used this App to pick up where Back Up to Gmail failed. Sadly it doesn't seem to be working. It said it would back up after creating a label called SMS. It doesn't. I've been running a back up of some 20000 text messages but I have no idea where they're going to. I emailed the developer but got no response. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20874:	   It still works, but I keep getting an Error 10 after it backs up 1-25 or so messages. I have to keep hitting the backup button. At least it starts where it left off. Very tedious having to babysit it for 2 hours while it does it's job. Used to be great. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20877:	  It backed up everything. I haven't used the restore feature yet, though. Also, there is no MMS label created. There was a time when I was able to back up my MMS messages into a label, but maybe I used a separate app for this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20885:	   Yesterday i got the every buckup so today i don't have any backup plz help me ? It's a setting problem? Or what please..help.. I'll rate.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20887:	   Would give 5 stars again if this issue is solved.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20890:	  It's no longer backing up automatically... it used to up until a couple months ago or so and then stopped. I have to manually tell it to back up, both mms and sms, incoming and outgoing. Three stars until that is fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20891:	   I counted on this app with previous versions of Android. I have a lot of backed up files it works for that. Problem is, it won't restore them in Android 6. It says it needs to change the permissions in the default app, which it does. But then it just crashes and reboot the phone. No restore ever happens. So using the app is half useless. What good is a backup app that won't restore? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20893:	   Never had a single problem with this wonderful app. It always backs up and restores properly, doesn't cost a dime and is easy to set up & use. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20898:	   Not restoring all data please fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20901:	  I love this app but it drains the battery so quickly. If you can fix this it will be perfect. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20903:	  It stopped working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20905:	  Fix it pleaseeee 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20907:	   Like it wont back up for 3 days or sometimes not at all please fix i already donated 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20911:	  This app is bullshit..I have my IMAP connected & it keeps giving an error to make sure Imap is on through my gmail account yet it still won't work..uninstalling 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20917:	   I've used this app for a while, previously would've given 5 stars, but just installed updated version (I never updated my old app) and it backs up mms that I send, but not what I receive. Please fix asap. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20923:	  Use to backup automatically but since long time now auto back up is not at all working,.need to do it each and every time manually. Try to fix it asap. or we need to look for others 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20925:	   Saved me on several occasions when hardware failed unexpectedly. If sms is an important part of your info bank, this is great. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20930:	   I see a lot of comments about it not backing up properly after the initial backup or more recently it just stopped. Well I can tell you, it isn't the app, it is Andriod who has caused it to stop working. Go to battery and click advanced. The battery optimization has it idled if you haven't used it in 3 days. So you have to change it to never, so it won't idle the app and it will continue to backup when it's supposed to! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20943:	   Backup error again and again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20945:	  This used to work great, but it hasn't been modified with the Android Doze feature. If you're using Android Marshmallow (6.0+) or N Preview and the automatic backup isn't working then go into the battery settings and choose the Not Optimized feature for this app. The auto backup will then work again, but battery life takes a hit. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20946:	  Can not find whatsapp history on my gmail 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20966:	   I like this app. I used it before & just recently reinstalled it. My only issue with it is that only incoming text messages are backed up & not outgoing ones. I'm not sure why. If there's a solution to this I'd love to know what it is. As of today 4/14/16 I'm changing my rating because I never received a response to any emails I sent to Jan asking for assistance. I'm not very tech savy & even though I read the FAQ's I still can't figure out why it isn't working. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20968:	   Failure is NOT an Option 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20971:	   Its not backing up my whatsapp conversation can u please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20976:	  Completely unreliable these days. Will go days without backing up on my Nexus 6P. Used to be aces, now it is a dud. Please fix. Happening to all members of my house, all different phones. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20977:	  Incoming messages are not backed up. Works ok for outgoing messages. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20984:	  Not syncing.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20991:	   I don't know why, it's stopped to work last august, and I didn't realise the failure. Yesterday I resetted my phone, and I was surprised I lost everything back to 15th of august. Everything was fine before, I didn't change anything. Nice job... :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20998:	  i had use this app for 1 year ago, unfortunately can't get backup whatsapp since March. I need this app so much. If can get update or purchase it, i will give 5star again~! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#20999:	   Just noticed it is now no longer grouping my SMS into tidy conversations in my email when it backs up?? Instead, it appears to be sending each single text msg as a separate email?! With no option to group them anymore?! I will have to uninstall if I can't get the group-by-contact function working again!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21002:	   Since the last update the backup fails every time. I've removed the app and reinstalled it and still doesn't work. I've sent several reports without any responses. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21006:	  Backed up before I reset my phone and it doesn't work. Lost thousands of texts that are in retrievable now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21017:	   Used it for years, it has never failed me and has never been annoying. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21019:	   in my case app gets stuck in logging in doesn't move ahead. Google search told to select XOAuth2 instead of XOAuth but there is no option of XOAUTH2 in IMAP settings. What to do??? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21025:	  Not backing up call logs. It throws an error. Also I can read the texts in my Gmail account but when I restored it on my phone, the message header is visible but not the message. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21027:	   Since updating to marshmallow the auto backup has stopped working any ideas when this will be fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21030:	   Signed into my email but keep getting error message whenever I try to restore my messages to my new device 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21036:	  Not working in Android M 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21037:	   A must have app! I like the fact that it can store SMS + call log in Gmail, each with its own label. Would like to see improved UI + some bug fixes. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21038:	   Auto backup not working for certain models..kindly fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21041:	  Not backing up incoming anymore... Fix it or I'm deleting it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21042:	   Won't sync anymore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21056:	  It seems to back them up, but I can not find them in my email. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21058:	   Backup manual ok but slow, backup schedule not very well. Set 1min for sms arrived and 1hour auto backup but not work in my Redmi Note 3. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21061:	   I have recently come into needing a sms back up service, I have the cloud, and drive.And I don't know how to use any of them, so I went to Google and found this app. The backup goes right into a folder in my gmail account labeled sms. It's marked as read so no new notifications. I checked every few times to make sure it's all there and have since then trusted the app. It's truly amazing The only problem I have is that I cannot get it to automatically backup without me hitting the button... Help me! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21066:	   Has been a good app for a while. Now when I back up conversations I only get my messages that were sent, no responses. Wish that could get fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21068:	   Tried to restore from email to Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and doesn't work get an IO error 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21070:	  It's not backing up incoming sms.... What's the problem. ... it did once before 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21073:	   Does what it's supposed to - backups SMS's, storing them on your GMAIL for archiving. Plus, it keeps picture attachments and emoji, too. Very useful. EDIT: as of 3/10, not working on LG v10. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21078:	   Usually it work but now it can't enable to connect please fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21081:	   **Update March 8, 2016 - Issues with the app not automatically backing up messages seemed to be fixed for a while but the app now no longer works. **Apr 28, 2015 - Used to love it... but it stopped working at some point. It's not backing up new messages and the last message backed up was weeks ago and it insists there's nothing to backup despite the fact that there are easily thousands of messages that need backing up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21082:	   I just installed this app and it was working fine however I just noticed that my incoming messages are not being backed up and I don't know why. It's really frustrating because I downloaded the app specifically to keep my incoming messages. Please help with this issue! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21083:	   I've used this on multi devices and haven't had a problem yet keep up the good work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21087:	    doesn't work anymore. Haven't backed up in 4 days. Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21089:	   Great to keep a backup and log of your SMS and calls. Never had an issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21096:	   I just noticed today my texts haven't been backed up since September. I get a "XOAuthentication error". It says Idle in green. My Gmail is set for IMAP...help!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21101:	   Had to factory reset my phone and tried to restore my messages but keep getting an error message that just says IO error. Please help!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21102:	   Errors out every time on first backup 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21107:	   I've used this app for a few years and never experienced issues. I've recommended this app for my clients. It's easy, quick and reliable. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21112:	   No longer backups on own. Doesn't help when trying to help track your kids sms and constantly have to check to see if it works. Please fix automatic back up to working again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21115:	   I don't use this app for backing up, instead for getting my phone calls to appear in my calendar. Really useful. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21120:	   This app works perfectly specially for people who are going through issues with someone else and need to keep documentation. Great for evidence for court. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21136:	   I tried 6 times, it kept saying I " must" switch back to messeging, or switch back to backup+, an after 6 time it finally said " error during backup/restore" Error 10. If, I back, I must uninstall. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21139:	  I used to love this app for its relative simplicity and flexibility, but as others have mentioned the automatic backup hasn't worked well for quite some time now. New entries in the call log never trigger an automatic backup nor does sending or receiving a text message. I've also noticed that MMS messages I send get backed up with my email address being in both the From and To fields, losing the actual recipient's name/number. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21140:	   I can't get it to work on my Oneplus one. Just force closes constantly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21153:	  Auto backup not working anymore ! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21162:	  Great app. Worked well. Easy to use. Resolved my sms migration issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21164:	  Hopefully this will resolve my problem 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21166:	   It was working fine and now it's only backing up the incoming messages on my phone how can I fix that? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21190:	   Getting blocked message errors after install. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21193:	   Will upgrade rating when fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21196:	  Auto backup feature is not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21198:	   Not syncing with gmail 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21208:	   I really love this app, but my most recent backup didn't restore ask my text messages. I can however see they are backed up in my gmail. How can i fix this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21209:	   I always lose my phone and every time, without fail, this app restores all of my sms messages. Tried and tested! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21232:	   I used to love this app, but I'm not sure why it stopped backing up my outgoing messages. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and it still doesn't work. Obviously not user error because the app is fairly simplistic. Terrible. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21234:	   I'm having to manually go in every day and make sure the app is running and backing up. I have set to back up over data OR wifi and it still won't autostart. Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21239:	   Tried to back up, says successful but no saved files, no emails, nothing . Useless. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21244:	   Have been using this app frequently and noticed now that it crashes whenever it tries to backup. I think its because i have so many texts but ive used on phones that have over 9000 texts before and it worked fine?? Any help? My google drive has plenty of space and i dont have more than 6k texts... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21252:	   I thought the app wasn't working anymore since it was auto backing since Nov. I figured out tonight that this app was set on auto optimization which doesn't allow the app to run as needed if you don't open the app for 3 days! I removed it from the list & bam its working again!!!! So those of you having issues check you power settings. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21256:	   I have been using this app for a couple of years does everything you need it to. Beware I've noticed with all apps of this type. After updating the app it stops working you ha e to go back to open it up and manually back up the first time. Which is annoying! I had 2 months worth of text to back up this last time. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21259:	   I've been using the since 2010 and works great but it has stopped to auto backup. I'm using Nexux 6P and auto backup is not working. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21266:	   Unable get backup of whatsapp..pl fix this. I need it....in past this function was working fine but now its not working for me.. (reflecting there is no items for whatsapp ) there for only one star frm my side bcoz i mostly use whtsapp instead to sms so pls fix this then i will give you 5 stars and will recommend to others to use this app.. Still not fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21268:	   I noticed it stopped automatically backing up my messages this month. I've had to manually prompt it to back up. Very frustrating. Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21272:	   The app works only for manual backups. Automatic backup used to work earlier but doesn't work any more. Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21274:	   This was recommended by Motorola and i have to agree. Transferred my SMS and call log perfectly back to my new phone. Auto back up feature is great too. My screen was broken so I couldn't use Migrate, but this puts everything on the cloud in your Google account and enabled me to restore everything. Only problem, Tried to donate but it wouldn't open. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21279:	   Good app but seems to not work every now and then. Wish dev updated it and materialized the ui. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21283:	    overall just one problem it doesn't seem to be work right anymore I have it set for auto backup 30min.s regular and 1 min. For incoming most of the time it doesn't seem to get my text at all sometimes it takes days before it even gets anything. I know most of the texts are in my inbox for hours and it doesn't back them up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21287:	  Sort of works ok but restored SMS conversations have been divided into two threads per contact; one thread for messages sent and another for received. Looks messy and it's impossible to follow old conversations. Exactly the same issue as a rival app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21293:	   So now they asking for donations and if u don't give one you can't use the app. I will be looking for another free backup app.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21294:	  Has stopped working over WIFI 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21299:	   It took a fiddle or two, probably operator error, but backups on schedule now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21308:	   It is useful to have SMS continuously synced to my Gmail so I can read and search them conveniently. However, the backup on Gmail is NOT a faithful representation of the SMS actually on your phone, hence it causes problems when trying to restore (and it's very slow compared to most other apps). Do NOT use this app for backup & restoring. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21314:	   I've been used this app for long time, it stops even before completing 5% of backup. I've tried different settings and times for backup but everything fails. The automatic back-up never run, it shows error notification at the scheduled time.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21317:	  Effective app. However, it sometimes simply stops working and makes the SMS service a bit slower than normal. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21324:	   I use this app for more than 3 years and it never failed me. My messages are safe and with me, no matter how many smartphones I change. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21325:	  Backed up data is nowhere to be found. Gmail is IMAP enabled. What good is a backup app if the process doesn't work? Trying to use this on Android 4.3 with zero luck. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21327:	  doesn't work on 5.1 TouchWiz 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21333:	  Not automatically backing up. The last time texts were backed up was Nov 27 it is Dec 3. Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21336:	  Was a really great app! I ran into a problem where the app said it was up to date but was not and therefore stopped working. Uninstalled and reinstalled, now working again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21338:	  Had this app for couple of years. Never failed on me. When I transitioned from Samsung S3 to S5, I was able to transfer my texts to the latest phone. It was seamless. I delete my text messages from my phone once a week to free up space. I check my gmail SMS folder to search for MMS if I needed to. Excellent App. Kudos to the maker!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21348:	   Pretty useless for me since it stopped automatically backing up. Have tried reinstalling, resetting the phone, but nothing has helped the issue. Will have to find something else until it's fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21358:	   Wasn't exactly fast, but it worked perfectly. Tried a couple others and they wouldn't work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21367:	  Doesn't work at all 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21370:	   I've had this app for years. Recently, I discovered that it won't automatically backup anything. I have no idea how long this has been going on, but I'm sure I've lost a lot of important messages, because I naively thought this app was supposed to do what it states it does. If you fix the app, I'd be happy to change my rating. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21372:	   It doesn't work! I waited an hour and it still be in 0% restore!!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21373:	   Sms restore is not working. I got I/O time out. I have more than 100k sms backed up and want to restore all the sms on my phone. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21379:	  Starting to continually crash and not backup 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21386:	   Works well but automatic backup stopped working a while ago 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21387:	   I have used it for years across multiple devices and never had a problem with it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21390:	   24/1 The app works fine, but I only just realised the ability to restore MMS is not yet available, though I assume dev team is working on that. I'll change my review when that's no longer a problem. 18/11 Edit: almost a year later and still no MMS restore. Come on guys. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21395:	   Love this app!! Love love love. I have always loved this app but now for some reason it's stopped working won't backup at all... Having to uninstall this app after over a year it's just stopped working.. Uninstalled for a while recently reinstalled works great again thankfully hopefully it lasts 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21403:	   Suddenly stoped working after june2015. Now it is not working on any of my phones. S3 and  
com.zegoggles.smssync#21410:	   When I back up, it successfully Login and calculating but then failed. A msg showing "error during backup/restore, command select "sms", response #6#, [NO, [NONEXISTENT], unknown mailbox:sms(failure) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21422:	  Doesn't work on 6.0 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21427:	   Still waiting for MMS restoration option and WhatsApp messages backup option. App is asking me to donate again and again, although I already have done so - that is irritating. Date stamp was wrong on restoration, another app got it right. But backed all my SMS without fail, and I have been using the app for more than four years and it has helped me a lot through the years, so thanks a lot, Jan! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21429:	   What good is it to have the option to backup mms if you can't restore them? It constantly says that feature isn't available yet. Will it ever be available!?! I've been seeing that message there for a long time with no sign that it'll actually ever be made available. So why even have that? I thought I had backed up everything but when I went to restore, some very important pictures were missing from my messages because the mms restore feature doesn't work! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21434:	  Not working properly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21438:	  Tremendous app! One must have! Unfortunate it does not work with 2-steps sign-in from Google ! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21441:	   Used this app for a while now and never had an issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21443:	   Not backing up showing error 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21445:	   It has stopped working properly. It crashes 5 times a day and causes "App is causing your phone to run slowly" errors. Fix and I will rate 5 again 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21451:	   New threads are being created and are not syncing correctly. Usually its one list of my sending and another for the recipient. My messages look scrambled and overpopulated 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21452:	  I installed this app on marshmallow version, everything seem fine as far as backing up goes. but my google hangouts app interface is messed up and my google play services keeps crashing. I've uninstalled your app and my hangouts app and cleared cache/data on it and reinstalled hangouts again with no luck - interface is messed up. Any suggestions? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21463:	   It backs up and sends to my email awsome only problem is it only saves my msgs and not the person that I designated it to save so when I go to look at msgs it looks like I'm talking to myself and I really need the other persons 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21466:	   Clouds your texting. I've used for multiple years over many phones. It has preformed well each time I remembered to install it. Why doesn't it show up in my app listings and auto-magically install like all of those annoying apps that I don't use? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21470:	   The app was great til the last update. Now it doesn't want to backup all text just mine. Fix and it'll be 5 stars again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21471:	   Can't SYNC sms 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21472:	   Not working since gs2 ics update 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21479:	   The restoring on this app is so slow. I waited for hours for this to restore, when it crashed. I restarted the entire process, for it to crash again. In the meantime, because this had to be set as the default app for about 6 hours, no new texts were reaching me, so I don't know if anyone has tried to contact me. It has restored to about a week ago, which is nice, but still not good enough. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21489:	   I have had this app for years and it's been great but lately it is not working at all. It immediately stops backing up when the screen turns off. So I have to keep backing things up 5 messages at a time out of thousands. Or let my screen on for hours which is not ideal. I've never had this problem before but lately it is making me want to download another backup app that actually works 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21493:	   I bought a new phone (Samsung Note 5) and now don't work no more ...how come? Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21497:	  I love this program and have used it for years. The only issue I have is when it updates, if you don't catch that it has, It will stop backing up your messages till you open the app and allow it access to your gmail again. The last time this happened to me I was looking for an address I forgot to write down and realized that my messages hadn't been stored for over 6 months. Other than that the app performs exactly as states. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21501:	   I use to live this app... worked like a dream... now it won't back up anything... the last time it backed up anything was October 5th.. fix it it's need. My msges backed up asap.. fox it and I'll give it a 5 again 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21504:	  Didn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21510:	  Issue with Lollipop OS 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21520:	   It take days before it backup. I don't get all of my messages if the are deleted before it update 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21521:	   Have this app on several phones and the app now stops automatically backing up SMS/MMS and call logs. Have to hit the manual backup button now to get it to work again. PLEASE FIX!!!!!! Does anyone know if the developer ever responds to users concerns????? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21525:	  I have a Samsung Galaxy S4. I tried 2 other Apps. to archive my Text Msgs. to my Google Email. The others did not work, but this one worked beautifully!! This App. also backed up my Call Logs, too. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21526:	   Fix and ill rate a 5 thx this is annoying smh 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21528:	   This is very good, useful app. No any errors. Best to Google 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21533:	   No issue whatsoever, except I seen unable to make a donation using the link given in the app? I get "Error while retrieving information from server" and RPC: S-7:AEC-0 G42Y-JUKB-EVAP4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21534:	  I just realized that I've been using this, flawlessly and "just working" for 4 years now. Does exactly what it needs to do, and does it on its own without fail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21536:	  Was having backup/restore errors, then read on the site "make sure that the label name is set correctly (capitalization matters!)". My Gmail label was "Call Log" not "Call log", as soon as I changed the label in the app, everything restored perfectly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21537:	  Not worth the download slow errors out 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21539:	   This app won't . after I restored my SMS the phone won't work. I can't make or receive calls or sent and receive SMS ???? Why ? I had to reset my phone and not restore my SMS to be able to use my phone again . I'm using onepluse one (cm12s Android). 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21540:	   The best part of this was its auto backup feature which no longer works on my Galaxy S5. Stalls out at having last updated on "October 1 11:12 AM" no matter what date or time it is. It seems to back up some of my incoming messages and none of my outgoing, which makes it almost useless... I now have to backup anything new manually which is inconvenient. I loved this app, please fix this bug ASAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21551:	   Backs up some, but doesn't backup instantly. So if you send or receive sms and delete from phone quickly, it won't save them to email folder (which is what I'm wanting). 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21554:	   Auto backup not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21562:	   This app neatly solves the problem you have when changing phones if you want or need to keep your historic messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21564:	   I set up all the backup settings but,I can't find out how you get to the texting screen!? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21569:	  I'm really, really frustrated right now. I downloaded this APP 3 days ago. I can't get it to connect to my gmail at all. When I try to connect to either of the two gmail accounts I have connected to my phone, both of which have IMAP enabled, it just gives me a black screen for anywhere from 30 seconds to a couple of minutes, then returns to the initial screen. No connection. No error message. I turned on all the logging options and tried again. Nothing in the log either. I've wasted the better part of an hour trying a whole range of things to get this app to work, but with nothing to give me a clue why it's failing, I'm DONE. Uninstalled it and going off to look for a different app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21571:	   Stopped working without warning a few months ago. No setting change, etc., sparked this, nor fixed it. Will attempt to re-install. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21574:	   I've had this app for years and it's worked flawlessly. However, since the beginning of September it's not been automatically baking up my files and have been constantly crashing! Uninstalling. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21577:	   Used this app to save all my mms conversations for my records, sometime in August it started saving incorrectly and states that all messages are from myself instead of actual person who sent. Is there a fix for this issue? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21578:	  FAIL! I tried restoring messages from Backup to a new device, but it couldn't do the job. It restored messages from 2012 only, and skipped all the others. Not good! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21584:	   Useless. does not work on my Samsung galaxy s 4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21593:	   I cant get this to restore anything . Keeps getting error message 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21599:	   Had it set to backup automatically 3 minutes after every message, just checked it today and saw that it hadn't backed up anything for almost a month! I had deleted messages and now they're gone forever. Edit: Still have it set to automatically backup 1 minute after receiving a message. Just checked and it hasn't backed anything up since August 25. Please fix this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21613:	   App stops running about 10 times a day 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21618:	   Don't get how to do it. What is IMAP setting? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21624:	   I've always used this on my S3 and I loved it. Now it doesn't work for my S5. It only backs up my outgoing SMS/MMS. It does not backup incoming. Is there a work around for this? I'm very disappointed! PLEASE ASSIST 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21628:	   Been using for years, never had any issues with the app its self just with verizons network connection lol 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21634:	   It didn't work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21639:	  no more works! IMAP error! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21641:	   Been using it for years! Never had a problem at all..  
com.zegoggles.smssync#21651:	   App Ops X fixed Kitkat issue. No problems in Lollipop custom ROMs. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21665:	  Can't imagine life without this app. So easy to retain text messages long term. I'm on 24/7 on call - there are times that I need to refer back to coworker messages to resolve issues. Never would have been possible without this app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21675:	   Did not save imbedded images in SMS messages 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21683:	   This is the most trusted app for SMS backup I have used. This app has never failed me. I would recommend this app to anyone! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21685:	  I love this app but for the fact I can't figure out for the life of me why it only backs up my sent SMS. It gets my incoming MMS, but for some reason, not my incoming SMS. :( Please help, and I will change my review. I can't find any useful tips online. I have a Galaxy S5 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21686:	   cannot connect to gmail  after updating app. no mailbox error 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21694:	   Auto backup stopped working after moving to lollipop on my Asus Zenfone 5.. Everytime I'm manually clicking backup.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21699:	   Auto backup not working, i have to do it manually 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21709:	   I used to love this but since the upgrades, my sms has not backed up since February 2015. Every time I try I get an error message. How do I fix this issue? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21711:	   this app installed on my phone since my first android and I really hadn't any problems with it. The only feature I want to ask developers to implement is blacklisting of contacts. I have some contacts with automatic messages from monitoring, that I don't need to save, and want to skip them. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21743:	   On an old phone I had a crap load of texts that I didn't want to delete but had to. I went online for an app suggestion to back all of them up and your app was top rated. My last phone took a dump on me and I couldn't find your app on the market. Ended up downloading the apk online somewhere. I love it that much. When I first installed it to this day it has backed up 9815 texts. I never had any problems but every once in awhile I get an "I/O ERROR" or something like that. What is that all about? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21770:	   I've been using this app on a S3 for a couple of years and never had an issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21794:	   I love this app bc it backs up everything I need...but now it's not working right! It's only backing up my outgoing texts for two of my contacts. It's not backing up anything they send to me! Please help me fix this! I really need to back up both sides of the conversation. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21796:	   Randomly stopped working today 8/2, what's going on? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21798:	   I don't care about What's App. None of my friends use it so I guess we're all so-90s. My issue is that it keeps stalling on me. Maybe it's because this is my first backup and I started out with 14,000+ messages to back up. If that's the case I will certainly revise my rating to 4 or 5 stars. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21799:	  It won't restore all of my messages just some. Is there a direct way to get messages back on phone. Or to correct problem 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21816:	  Doesn't work. A complex instruction set and confusing UI. Why all trouble just to save and restore some text ? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21823:	   This app was amazing in the fact that it backup all my messages to my Gmail clear quickly and effectively until June 24th. When June 24th hit it started only backing up my messages and not the other people's messages, why is this? I don't know but until I fix it this app is no longer useful to me 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21826:	   "Needs MMS before 5stars but, this app works great!!!" That was 2013, now.... What happened? Is it not compatible with the Galaxy 6 Edge? I'm very frustrated, please fix these blank messages. Had you at 4 stars but, dropped to 1 only because it's still in my Gmail. Ugh, very frustrating.. All I want is a smooth transition between phones and it doesn't help that these phones are nearly $1000. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21838:	   3 times run backup and couldn't find any backups on phone or email. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21853:	   I used to love this app because it saved SMS & MMS as well as automatically linking to Gmail, but it has not backed up anything since SEPTEMBER 2014! That's a serious problem, too say the least. It also says there's "nothing to backup" when trying to manually backup items (obviously, there's plenty in the past 10 months). 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21854:	   Keep getting an error today that it cannot back up.... Use handcent messaging? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21856:	  The main reason why I was using this was because of the Whatsapp backup support. It had stopped working natively a long time ago but in conjunction with "Crypt-DBConverter for Whatsapp" it was working fine. However, I'm really disappointed that support for Whatsapp has been removed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21862:	   Doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21863:	   After about 43 messages the backup hangs, definitely not wat I was hoping for - ok on 3rd attempt i found I have my messages - despite getting an error saying that my xoauth was not setup - did make it into google but only 3 mms out of about 600 made it through. No errors, no indication it was all too much. Im talking about a first backop of about 6500 messages including mms 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21867:	   After backing up and restoring, almost all of my SMS are gone. So, well...it didn't work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21871:	   This app use to have 5 stars from me but lately I can't get it to restore backed up calls or sms messages....please help. It's been saying calculating for over an hour now  
com.zegoggles.smssync#21880:	   Xoauth error, Google now support 2.0 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21881:	   I've been using this incredible app for a while now and suddenly it gets updated and I found out that WhatsApp is not being backed up anymore!! Fix it please!! That was a great plus your app had, please get it back!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21883:	   I did all the process to backup my whatsapp data but didn't get the desired result.  of time 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21887:	   Nevermind. Have no use for this app anymore :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21894:	  They removed whatsapp backup. Hey developer's please fix it and update it for Whatsapp also. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21895:	   Very very very very very useful app. I know there are many morons ( illetrarate smart phone users) who can not read why their whatsapp feature is not working. But we love the functionality. Please enable it. At least release it as a non Google play app on the web site. Contact me if you like. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21900:	   It didn't do this on my other phone, but immediately after using this my messages will not open unless I restart, but when I try to go to a conversation it is blank and I cannot send anything. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21903:	  Best ever app. but getting error while backup into my gmail accout "XOAuth error. Even though the IMAP settings are enabled in my gmail account. Please lookin and resolve this prob. if this works fine ready to buy the paid version of this app too... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21915:	  It was good two months before, now the application is not updating the phone messages into Gmail, even IMAP is enabled. Please fix the issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21927:	   I like that it synchs with Gmail, but it started to get buggy and slow. I have 27k SMS and I hate that if the program fails at the 20k restoration point, the restoration needs to be started all over again...and over... Also Gmail gets clogged 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21931:	   Older version worked great. Latest not working for me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21932:	  Does not support WhatsApp any more. Hello developers, more messages are exchange by non-SMS technologies these days.. ! I know WhatsApp keeps changing encryption but you could either try to fix it yourself (as the people at OmniCrypt have done) or you could keep the backup option in an advanced menu for users who know how to work it. Calls, MMS and SMS - how very 1990s :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21941:	   Upgraded to the S6 edge and this app hasn't worked once. Please fix. Still doesn't work after latest update. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21942:	   Now this app doesn't work on my phone. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21953:	   It doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21965:	   Auto backup still not working... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21989:	   Worked great until early May. Now won't back up. Error says have imap on, which is enabled, so don't know why it won't work. :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21990:	   I don't know why anyone wouldn't use this app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#21992:	  I did like this app a lot, but with +3000 items it does not work very well. The back-up from old phone works fine, but restoring/adding the items to my new phone takes forever and if something interrupts the Restore I have to start over again. I will look for an other app when restore is complete... And I just noticed that the app can not restore MMS. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22009:	  Not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22012:	   I had this on my old phone and it worked great moving texts to my email. But now that I have a Moto X 2 running Android 5.0, it stopped working. It always looks like its working but then after a few minutes, it says the sync failed and it stops. Totally useless now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22016:	  SMS Backup + .. please fix yourself .. no backups since May 11, 2015 .. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22018:	   I love this app, but for a while it would not upload over wifi. I had to use data. But now I don't have a data plan! :( how can I get it to work over wifi?? Thank you 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22024:	   Today I reset my mobile I took backup of all call log and message when I tried to restore its doing nothing only restoring zero item. Help me to fix issue asap. I lost many important message 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22027:	   This used to be my preffered App..But off late, the Google authentication started failing.. When you try web login, it takes me to a page which shows ' migrate from OAuth 1.0 to OAuth 2.0.' Please correct the issue.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22028:	   please create a download system user download file and resrore in device ,and if wifi is suddenly off it restat from start , and sms sperating sysrem,dont double restore message. please fix these things, i will give u 5 star if u fix these bugs. hope that will understand this and fix bugs 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22030:	  WhatsApp backup doesn't work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22031:	   I'm backing up SMS fine but the app won't backup my whatsapp messages. 5 stars if this can be fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22033:	   Stopped backing up what's app. Will change stars once it's fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22035:	   This has stopped working as Google no longer support oauth 1. Please update to use oauth 2 when you can... This app always gets installed when I set up my phone. Been using since 2011 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22037:	   I had to reset my phone back to factory and had to restore my messages and didn't work. Why and how will get my messages back?? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22038:	   I loved this. It used to back all of my stuff every night at the time I told it to, which was at 2am when I was sleeping. Now, it says the IMAP in my GMAIL account settings has been diaabled. I have been to Verizon and they don't even know what that means. Please fix this so I can back my stuff and then I will change my rating! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22040:	   Below is description of authentication issue from google: OAuth 1.0 was officially deprecated on April 20, 2012, and is no longer supported. We encourage you to migrate to OAuth 2.0 as soon as possible. Please upgrade ASAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22046:	  Backed up the sms, but I got it to back up the mms which it technically did but the files it backed up were blank and wouldn't open 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22055:	  It's done a pretty good job of backing everything up, but I can not get it to restore all of my messages. Maybe about half of them. Pretty disappointing. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22059:	   I'd be lost without this. Backs up to my Gmail account and I organize the logs from there. This has been so helpful to me now more times than I can count - I've been able to bring in text logs and call logs to court with this app and they are accepted as evidence, and easier to acquire this way than trying to get them from your phone provider. Only issue is sometimes it won't backup if connected via Wi-Fi and have to ensure I am only connected through mobile service. --- Wi-Fi issue seems to have been fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22061:	  Doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22063:	   Used to be a good app. Now it is as good as working in manual mode only. Still seems to be using OAuth1 whereas Google is not accepting it anymore. I setup backup every hour but still does not honor it. Every time I get an SMS, I get this error. I have to manually go and backup. Not sure what the problem is. It was a lovely app. Can anybody suggest a similar app? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22065:	   Everything is fyn but whatsup backup is not working. After backup no update found in gmail. Also last backup date is shown older date. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22074:	   I have had problems with it but it turned out to be a bad rom 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22076:	   Too many errors 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22078:	   Not useful for transferring MMS to another phone. App states that it does not restore MMS. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22080:	  Wld b great if didnt crash all the time and stop auto backup 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22082:	   I know the kitkat - lollipop update has been out for awhile. But i just happened to make it back to edit this... Thank you for fixing it. Now i can back up my stuff again!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22086:	   On Nexus 5 what's aap backup not working ?? Plz help it on this 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22087:	   whatsapp backup on gmail won't work anymore.. please fix it. thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22091:	   My sms and mms backed up to my Gmail! It was a life saver cos my att message cloud some how got deleted an now isn't synchronizing so thank God most of my texts are on my Gmail! The only thing I hate is when I restored them on to my new phone the text are there but my pictures I had attached did not restore so u can see the conversation but no pictures to tell full story an I needed the text an pictures for a legal case! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22095:	   This app seemed really promising and it looks like it's backed up my sent and received sms in my Gmail account, but when I restore it it only restores my sent messages. I've had to backup and restore two phones now and both times it has done this. Not sure if this is a rare issue but it looks like others have had similar complaints on Github and I haven't seen a response about it yet. Would love to get my backed up messages back. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22098:	   Worked great before. Now constant login error. Backup using the app manually. What happened? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22099:	   Failed repeatedly when I tried to restore all of my 17000 messages, but worked fine when I limited it to 500. Would be nice if it had an option of 1000 or 2000, because I don't need my texts from 3 years ago but more than 500 would be good. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22100:	   Can not get it to back up WhatsApp. Keeps saying never been backed up 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22111:	   I've been using this app since 2012 and was one of the first apps I installed when I got this new phone. However has been a bit disappointing recently. Minimising stopped back up. And if it stopped at 15/100, haha! No chance it would let you back up the other 85 items. Still better than the other apps out there. Just waiting for bug fix. No other app backs up whatsapp. Also, it works just fine as long as you don't use auto back up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22113:	   Backup the whole as 1 convo. Instead y'all save it by dates. Spent several hours just to now have cluster fuk of mess in gmail. Poor app don't use. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22116:	   I had this on my last phone and my phone died. I got the new phone and nothing was restored. It just had an I/O error and will not continue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22120:	  No savey 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22122:	   It's beautiful when its work.so awesome to have all your texts in your email but lately it just hasn't worked. It keeps not being able to back up and all that has been working is uninstalling and reinstalling every time I want to back up everything. If it could work again I could love it again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22123:	   I keep getting an IO error message. App hasn't backed anything up since April 30th 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22124:	   Server does not support xoauth. The message i keep getting now all settings are where they should be it suddenly isn't working. Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22128:	  not work waste of time 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22140:	   I'm sorry, but it seems to be missing incoming text every now & then. Just now it missed 2 whereas an hour ago it successfully detected the previous 2. Nexus 4, JB, with WiFi on all the time; no changes made to the phone, it was lying on the same spot all morning! Battery still a healthy 68% as I write this, so it's not the phone's problem... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22154:	   Please fix it.. It works great on 5.0.x but 5.1 breaks it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22162:	   Can't load 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22167:	   Works great but there is a bug with textra SMS app. I only see the messages I sent after a restore. In other app I can see sent and received messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22169:	   Works perfectly, great for peace of mind and changing phones. I've been using it for a couple of years now and have never had a problem. It can take a little while to do a full restore if you have a lot of texts, but when it just works away in the background it's no big deal. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22172:	   Hi, Can you please help me restore the call log. I am not sure why is it not working. I am on CM12.1 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22175:	   Does not work at all. There is no way to actually see the back up via email. I click view log and nothing happens. Uninstalling. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22177:	   I have WhatsApp checked for it to backup but it always says never backed up. SMS gives the date and time of backup. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22178:	   I wasn't able to choose what I wanted to backup. Such as only sms or call log. So it backed up everything. I don't need my call log. Another issues is if you have a sms with long conversation, each response is backed up as it's own individual email. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22184:	   I donated to the app. And it still gives an IO error. Please fix.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22190:	   Whatsapp backup is not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22200:	   Moto G (2nd Gen) Official Lollipop. Initial backup of 376 SMS worked as expected, taking around 5 minutes. Text based MMS were backed up properly. I don't use auto or restore so can't comment. I don't send pics via MMS so can't comment. I've used this app this way occasionally over the years and never had a problem. Eris, Incredible, Incredible2, Galaxy Nexus, Moto G2. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22203:	   Works great but it occassionally brainfarts where i need to go and manually ok it to start after a failure that it lets me know about. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22204:	   Please fix the issue with KitKat restore. It backs up in gmail but its hard to sift through to find old info like phone numbers with work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22205:	   Though the first few days it worked fine, then the problem started. It only seems to save my replies from a conversation thread and the other person's replies are nowhere to be found. Would've been a lovely program, if only it did its job. Not happy. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22207:	   I researched apps and this one was highly recommended, I noticed more recent views were negative but decided to try it anyway. The app only got through a couple thousand texts and then gave me an error and timed out, it was also extremely slow backing up the texts it did get through. I looked at the texts that backuped and contacts were switched because they were texts from contacts I have never texted with including landlines. Deleted and used SMS Backup & Restore instead. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22208:	   Each message I send and receive gets backed up, but the emails that are created don't show the correct recipients. How do I get you more bug information? Galaxy S6, Android 5.0 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22212:	   Used it for years but went to migrate to a new phone and app won't run on Android 5.2. It just cycles and glitches, occasionally it gives new 'i/o' error. Tried multiple installs and reboots, very disappointing and frustrating 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22216:	   It took me a little bit to realize the back up had worked. It repeatedly gave me an error, however, when I looked at GMAIL, I found a label called SMS. There everything was! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22222:	   used this for years now nothing but IO error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22224:	   Nothing can even near to this app, real time backup of your sms and call logs without any problems and difficult configuration. Easy to use, very simple in style. It really works. Thanks to development team. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22225:	   Worked perfectly, stopped working and is giving authentication errors. Xoauth and imap, both don't work anymore :-( Please fix this 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22226:	   Does exactly what it says it can do. I've used it for years on different phones and with a total of 34,170 texts backed up. I've never had a problem and it restores text quickly. Well worth the money. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22227:	   Did not fail me to date 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22229:	   Just gets hung up. Yeah, I could do some digging around and I might find a patch, but that puts the problem on me and as a consumer I don't have the time or energy for that. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22232:	   Sometimes stops syncing with calendar. Have no idea where to look to fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22234:	   This app is very useful to sync everything, but we can't sync whatsapp messages. Please fix this bug. Otherwise it's 5 ***** app..... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22237:	   I have to keep all my text messages and this app is wonderful. I have never Had a problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22239:	   Looks like the latest update fixed my issues, thanks! Would love to see MMS backup and restore! :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22244:	   Don't download people, after I backed up my messages I restored everything to my other phone and only half my messages, sucks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22256:	   Like any backup software that doesn't work, it's worse than nothing! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22265:	   Not compatible with Kit Kat. Messages do not restore. Only senders names. Please fix app./Dbl-checked app function to find it had stopped auto updating in Oct 2014. Manually prompted back up errors and stops, prompting error messages associated with IMAP settings, but my Gmail is configured correctly. Does not seem this app is receiving attention any longer. Is it just time to find a new one? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22268:	  Updates have fixed the issues I had before. Works great now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22269:	   This used to be my go to app for back and restores. Had to get a new phone yesterday. I did a backup on the old device and sent it to my email, it said it was attaching a file. Sadly to say there was no attachment. I keep receiving an error. I guess I'm off to another app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22271:	   After backing up, I looked in my SMS section of gmail and in each thread the messages seemed to be in random order. Not useful when storing conversations. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22278:	   This is the 2nd time I've had to try to restore my data and it always fails. Not a happy camper. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22282:	   Fixed! Restore works now 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22288:	   I have setting auto backup but it not work. Please fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22293:	   Appears most SMS are restored now after fix... Thank you! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22299:	   Unable to open connection for com.zegoggles.smssync.mail.BackupStoreConfig@cb7f2a1:Call log/AsyncTask #2/conn123456789 com.fsck.k9.mail.store.imap.ImapException: Command: SELECT "Call log"; response: #6# [NO, [NONEXISTENT], Unknown Mailbox: Call log (Failure)] 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22303:	   That's the word . Awesome job to developers. Reliable app does not fail ,backing up almost your whispers I was able to restore to my new Lg G3 28,556 items wowwww!!. Thank you thank you so much!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22305:	   I needed an easy way to print an entire text conversation. I installed this app, logged in to my Gmail account and hit backup. Then it's an easy Gmail search, (using the sms tag really helped). I printed what I wanted and continue to use this app. I only gave 4 stars because there are some minor UI bugs, but I donated to help fund those getting fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22307:	   Its so nice app and great to have itto backup ur sms. But i need to ask how to delete the old backup to make a fresh one. I had a problem when i reset my mobile and restored unwanted sms. Was searching how to delete now the old backup and mKe a new one after i finished deleting all the unwanted sms. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22311:	   I first tried this app a while back and it didn't deliver. But I just recently tried it again and it took a long, long time to upload and download my stuff but I also had a huge amount of text and call logs. It was amazingly accurate and I feel like I am exactly where I left off. I notice people gave this app 1 or 2 stars because of the speed, get over yourselves, it did what it said it would do. Some people are just ungrateful because of options. Thank you (if you can improve the speed it would be great). 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22324:	   I noticed that this doesn't automatically backup anymore. When I tell it to do a manual backup, it starts and goes for a bit but then fails with IO errors. I have a pretty new device, an LG G3. It stopped working well with my old Samsung G2 as well, even before I got the G3. I wish this thing could be fixed because when it worked, once upon a time, it worked well. It seems that when screen times out it gets hung up. It also seems that this app doesn't run in background without hanging. Perhaps incompatibility with recent Android OS changes?? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22326:	  Whats app backup option not working.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22327:	   It backs up all of my messages to Gmail just as I want. Have used it for many years, on many roms, on many phones and never had an issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22329:	   Error: need to set IMAP on Google? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22331:	  Auto backup doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22346:	   If your backups ain't working, check your 'Call log' and 'SMS' Gmail labels (in Gmail settings via web) are set to 'show in imap'. Fixed my problems. Such a good app. Thank you. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22348:	   It works on sms and calls, schedule works, but since nov 3, 2014 does not backup my whatsapp messages to gmail label. I've reinstalled on same smartphone, installed in a new brand smartphone but does not work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22350:	   It worked great on my old phone, but got the LG G3, and now its not working right. Its backed up SOME of my messages, but a bunch aren't. Is there was way to force it to back up all messages on my phone? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22351:	  Please fix for whatsapp backup and i will rate 5 star 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22359:	  Doesnt backup my whatsapp chats kindly fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22361:	   Problem purchase of video games and software. Dislike about this product. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22366:	   Guess I have no more issues after shifting to Mi mobiles. This application works with no issues once the right permissions are granted in MIUI "Permission Manager". I can confirm that this app causes some trouble or the other with Cyanogenmod based ROMs and also Stock ones. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22368:	   I completely wiped my phone including my texts which I wanted and I thought this App would not work but wow was I wrong, this app brought back every single text I wanted after doing a factory reset. If you want to back up your text look no further, this app will easily do the job! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22372:	  Auto backup is not working in MI3. Please fix it ASAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22379:	   I've had this app for a very long time and it used to be really good, backed up all of my messages (and I have a lot) fairly quickly on WiFi and synced to my Gmail. Loved it. Now when I try to back up messages though it keeps giving me the same message over and over that there's an authorization error and IMAP isn't enabled. I checked my Gmail settings and IMAP is enabled so not sure why it keeps saying that. If that gets fixed my rating will go up to five stars. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22388:	   Used to be absolutely amazing but I just realized when I looked for a string of messages that recently it's only backing up my side of the conversation and that's not the side I needed. Uninstalling if not fixed :(( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22390:	   SMS doesn't get backed up at all. Fix this soon 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22400:	   Excellent!!! 5*****. Backup and restore operations work perfectly. !!!Update my review: Restore operation doesn't work with my Sony Xperia Z2 (Kit Kat). Hopefully, it will be fixed soon.... Update: Fixed, it works with Kit Kat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22406:	  Backup for Whatsupp not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22408:	   Every time I try to back up my over 8000 messages it gives me an error so probably it won't work with that amount of messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22417:	   If I could give no stars I would I got the app and I opened it and would not let me do any thing I could not even turn off my phone got a virus horrible do not get this app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22421:	   Worked very well for me with lollipop OS. Even restored a four year old backup generated by the original "Sms Backup". Only problems I had were the result of lost connections with my server or cell tower. Once I reconnected it picked up where it left off. No duplicates, no lost sms due to max limit of 200 in default settings (thanks Lollipop). I would suggest that new users enable "Notifications" and "Sync Log" in the advanced settings so they will be aware of what the app encounters. This is the fastest SMS and Call log restorer that I've tried. Mybackup Pro is nicer because it will restore MMS... but it is painfully slow. One restore every 2-3 seconds (I had 5000+ to restore). Titanium Backup Pro was also slow, but how slow? I don't know. It doesn't report its progress. I just gave up and went to bed... by morning it had finished. The recent poor ratings I've read are likely influenced by connection problems that the users are probably unaware of. I donated to this app to support the development of restoring MMS. Can't give it five stars unless that is implemented. Well, I just hope the developer doesn't lose interest in this very worthy endeavor. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22425:	   Hi, auto backup is not working hence I started manually and getting error message ' Error during backup/restore:Command: SELECT "SMS";response:#6#[NO,[NONEXISTENT], Unknown Mailbox: SMS (Failure)]. Handset is Sony Xperia C2104 Android 4.2.2, Location: India Kindly help or suggest the resolution. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22433:	   , kindly check the matter. Problem did not solved yet 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22438:	   I haven't used this in a while...I like to keep backups, but shoot, not a years worth of texts. It'd be cool If you could set how long to keep texts. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22439:	   This app absolutely does what it sets out to do. I've never lost any txt msg. Since downloading the app in my original phone, a Samsung Nexus, I've upgraded twice w/o any issues or loss of msgz. I give it 2 thumbs up and say 'Keep up the great work'! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22453:	   Love this app for storing all my texts, by lately have had problems with it not backing up some of the messages with pics. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22456:	   Worked perfectly before but got a new phone with 4.4 and they will not restore. It looks like they are but they disappear. Quite annoying. Need a fix soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22466:	   I can restore all sms, some sms are on my GMAIL but, it doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22471:	   I've had this app for well over 4 years, and its NEVER failed to do its job. With every update it has kept working just the way it did before the update, which I like. I wish this developer could make a stock android app with the same functionality, so everyone who uses android to experience this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22474:	   I used the app earlier and it worked wonderfully. Infact i recommended to a lot of people as a must-have app. Now it doesn't work at all. it does not backup automatically even though the option is checked and settings have been done accordingly. When pushed for a manual backup, it takes forever to "calculate" and more often than not, it hangs mid-way and stays stuck for hours. I need to manually stop the service then. Sometimes it will hang mid-backup and stay that way for hours. "backing up 8/20" for hours. I'm very disappointed that such a great app is now not able to deliver the basics. And just to clarify, my sms are on phone memory and not on the SD card. I will have to search for alternates now i guess. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22479:	   Doesn't work on Kitkat. Does log in, restores but no sms app sees the messages. Hopefully the dev will fix this asap. Otherwise this app has always been my go-to sms backup and restore solution. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22484:	   does not backup anymore. please fix asap 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22485:	   At some point during what seems like dozens of updates over the last few months, scheduled automatic backups simply stopped. Yes, I have the app correctly installed and configured. When I tell it to backup by tapping the Backup button it works correctly, but if I trust it to work automatically as programmed I find a load of texts and calls unsaved and a log which confirms that no backups occurred for days. Fix this, guys. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22502:	   Doesn't back up or restore any text messages or whatsapp messages. Keeps giving Me an error triangle at the top multiple times a day. Uninstalling this soon. Maybe there is something else out there that is more compatible with the 2013 HTC one. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22504:	  Did work great now won't back up anything. Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22506:	   But after this last update it stopped automatically backing up everything. I've tried moving around options but nothin seems to fix it, please bring back the automatic backup. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22508:	   Took forever to back up and then to restore and didn't transfer all texts. I think maybe there is a limit or something as it did just under 10,000 so my last 3 months of texts (the ones I was most interested in transferring across) didn't get transferred. Ended up deleting all transferred texts (took even more time!). As other people have said, may work better if don't have too many texts to transfer. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22510:	   My phone has low memory but I didn't want to delete all of my texts. This app made it so everything would be backed up on my email. I've been using this for over a year and haven't had any issues. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22513:	   Why people are rating it so low? Probably because they're entitled silver spoon fed millenialists that think everything should be perfect for them always. Jeez give the developer some more credit where it's due. The app saved your messages and for some that is really important if your messages got deleted. I've been using this app for 2 years and I have never had a problem with it and it is hardly an issue that the texts are recovered backwards or whatever. Bunch of unsatisfied critics! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22514:	   I backed up about 8000 texts from two phones (one 2012 model, one 2014; both android). As the software was working, I was really worried that it wasn't getting the photos, etc. (all the media files attached to messages). As I watched the message count go up in Gmail, there were no attachments on any of the messages. THE ATTACHMENTS WERE THERE WHEN THE PROCESS COMPLETED! I was SOOO GLAD and it was a nice surprise that the software actually did the job it advertised to do. Let the process complete and check through your messages. The layout in Gmail is not exactly intuitive (it bunches messages in 100 message blocks), and it's sometimes hard to find just photos if there wasn't text to associate with them for a keyword search. I'm still not sure I'm ready to nuke my phone memory and rely strictly on the backup (I fear that some great, important picture might be missing) . . . but I am very reassured now that the backup is done. Plus, I can wipe my old phone and give it to my kiddo. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22517:	   How can I fix this?????? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22528:	   I lost all my messages after I updated to a newer phone (LG3). It just keeps saying for minutes that it's restoring. But It never does it. I tried to reinstall the app with the same result. I emailed about the problem but it hasn't been fixed for months. But I'll be happy to change my rating to 5 if it gets fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22530:	   Backs up all my past sms since 2010 without fail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22532:	   5 stars for helpful bug fixing customer service. 4.5 stars for functionality and satisfactory speed. 5 stars for design. No gimmicks or annoying ads. Performs exactly what it claims to do (and nothing it doesn't...still waiting for MMS Restore ability). Initial backup takes some time, but subsequent backups are much more efficient than other backup apps that save entire phone contents as one zip file (e.g. Android Easy Backup). This eliminates redundancy (and duplicate messages) as you periodically delete messages on your phone. ***BUGS: If you experience a technical problem/error, please DO NOT hold 'stars' for ransom and threaten a low rating. The developer cannot fix the problem without certain information. Instead, report the bug on GitHub and follow instructions. Jan will personally work with you to resolve the issue and release a new Beta version if necessary. I've used this app for backup for half a year and only experienced a bug once. Jan was able to fix the problem in 2 days (even working over Christmas!). Thank you, Jan Berkel! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22535:	   I've had this app thru several phones, never a problem! Ever. Love that it backs texts and phone logs to my Gmail. Def recommended to anyone looking for a backup app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22541:	   This is the best SMS & Call Log backup apps I have come across so far. The integration with calendar is amazing. Keep up the great work! WhatsApp backup doesn't work anymore. Also on my OPO Calendar Sync of Calls option is greyed out 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22547:	   I've used this app for several years and it's never failed. Definitely a must have! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22581:	   Update 7th Jan 2015. (it did say "bug fixes" and still no WhatsApp support/ backup. Forums suggest that due to WhatsApp changing location of backup files. Had hoped thus update would fix it. Downgrading to 2 as it does sms perfect but fixes not correcting this.. Really want WA support please !! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22584:	   It stops backing up certain messages I receive. Some will back up most won't. I've sent emails about the issue, only to never get a response or notice that the issues were being worked out. The app would be perfect if it work continually. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22589:	   I tried to use KIES to get all my data to my new phone, but it failed to copy my text messages and call logs. Luckily i had been backing everything up with SMS Backup. I was able to recover all my texts (still couldn't get phone logs or I would have given 5 stars). Thank you! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22591:	   I've used this for a number of years and it's never failed. Messages show up in Gmail without trouble and phone. Also stop the phone getting full of really old messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22592:	   At first it was only backing up my sent messages in my gmail, not my received. I emailed the contact person and never got a response but later, I checked back and it seemed the received messages were being backed up, too, so I deleted my messages from my phone. Just went back to find a message last night, and any received message prior to a month ago (about the time I sent the email), is not there. Without this bug, I would have given it 5 stars. But part of the job = part of the rating. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22594:	   first back up went fine...but now i have messages on my phone and app says there are no messages to be backed up. what the crap...fix that annoyance and it will get 5 stars. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22601:	   It hasn't been backing up my messages since 12/22/14. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but nothing happens. The app keeps popping up an error telling me that "process com.zegoggles.smssync" has stopped working and I have to force close it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22603:	   After rest phone when this app reinstall it can't restore msgs back. So kindly slove this issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22604:	   Sms and call auto backup is not working for redmi 1s even if its selected 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22617:	   Last 3 versions quit automatically backing up. Both on the Samsung Galaxy S3 and the Oneplus 64 gig phone. Filed bug report, no action has been taken.. Be careful. Never assume anything gets backed up automatically 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22619:	   nice app! but recently, it does not work by the error msg "" even VPN is connented. pls check, thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22640:	   Whatsapp msgs aren't synchronized....pls rectify 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22641:	   It works as expected. I keep getting an error message when it does a backup. The backup succeeds but I am removing a star for the annoying error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22665:	   I've used this app since Android launched and won't use anything else. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22667:	   Backs up just like it should. Only problem I've had is that it might split some MMS messages from their threads in Gmail 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22675:	   Good app, but the latest update created a serious issue with the backup. It says could not connect despite excellent wifi connectivity with data. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22676:	   Hi, it worked really good but now whatsapp backup is not working. Please fix that and i will give 5 stars 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22677:	   I like this app, but had to give it a bad rating because Whatsapp backups haven't been working for almost a year now and I use it for most of my texting. I don't want to root my phone and give another app access to my info just to make this app work. Please fix this compatibility issue. It's really taking too long! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22681:	   I've had this app for quite a while but it quit properly restoring after the kit Kat update. I held out and finally Jan has fixed it thank you so much for putting your time into this issue!!! Great app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22683:	   Backed up my SMS after work few tries but doesn't work with WhatsApp. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22703:	   Backup to Gmail is okay.. but worst performance in restoring.. and no synchronization.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22706:	   But its speed is very slow in respect of "SMS backup restore " takes too much time to backup and restore.plz improve this bug 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22711:	   I have it syncing every 24 hours, yet when I unlock my phone in the mornings, every morning I have the error that it could not connect and backup. If I then manually select backup, it works fine. Very annoying. Also, when I go to "View Logs", a blank box with an OK button pops up and I am unable to troubleshoot anything. I've had this app for quite a while now and never had these problems. Please fix and I'll rate it back up to a 5. Otherwise, manual backups every day are annoying. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22719:	   finally supports restore on kitkat, which is great! my only feature requests (other than perpetually non-working mms restore) are fixing restored times on Xperia devices, and additional restore quantities/time-frames, like on the other popular sms backup app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22723:	   Updated and now I get a blank screen on Note 3 4.4.2. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22728:	   Just got the update this morning and looks to be working again on my GS5. Back to 5 stars! This was a great app until you get KitKat now it doesn't work. I've emailed the developer but no response. I'm willing to donate to get this up and running on my S4 again. Prior to KitKat 5 stars 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22733:	   This is an awesome app which just gets better.. 2 step auth was always tricky with this app, so the update to fix that is welcome, but even before it was close to perfect. As a testament to the app I've been using it 3 years or so and only opened it about 4 times when I had to reinstall on new devices. It's a set and forget workhorse that just does what it says quietly and quickly. Brilliant. Thanks to the dev for an awesome app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22738:	   my old messages from the old version of this app doesnt restored from my email's folder "SMS" Please fix because those are very, really and rarely important for me. those are more or less 2000 messages anyway. Please dont ignore this, thank you 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22746:	  Stable backup and restore of SMS and call log to Gmail as advertised. I've had it for a couple of years without any problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22748:	   Finally the biggest problem solved. Thank you for restore problem fixing on the new Android versions! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22757:	   Solved biggest problem of taking backup and restoring them. Always feared of losing SMS and call logs while changing the phone. Now it is not a problem anymore. Thanks to SMS backup.!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22767:	   Thanks Jan I am Using this App since long back and never faced any issue till date. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22787:	   Loved this app with my galaxy nexus. Got an S5 and it no longer backs up received messages. I don't only need what I write backed up. Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22801:	   Was working great. Suddenly stopped working 2 weeks ago saying to enable IMAP for my Gmail. Confirmed it was already enabled. Still not working. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22803:	   Did not work at all on my HTC One 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22812:	  Item was great when backing up my text in time before switching phones but now can't restore in new phone they all restore the convos but once clicked on they delete and all have the last messages saying no subject as if I sent them a picture please fix so I can get my text messages back if not two star rating it will stay. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22814:	   Hi, just noticed that it did not work on my nexus 6, however an other app managed to fix this by making itself the default sms app, This is a restriction since KK the app notifies me of, so this app will have to register itself as an sms app and we can enjoy it once again :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22817:	   back of whatsapp is not working. Other then whatsapp it's working fine. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22820:	   Cannot restore on android 4.4 messages dups.I have been using this awesome app for years on previous android versions and I loved it. Please fix, thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22824:	   Haven't had any problem with this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22832:	   It only allows the user to back up everything or nothing at all. There is no way to back up a single specific thread. This means I'm backing up 10,000+ messages each time and the app can't handle this. It always fails. It does work, just not as desired. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22833:	   This has worked for me in the past, I checked that all was backed up before I reset, spent a day waiting for messages to re-load, now I see it won't work for KitKat. - Can it work eventually, or never? - Can another app retrieve my SMS from Gmail? - Why is it not restoring phone log either? Loved this product until now, but because the change was not specified anywhere (should have received an email or text at least for something like this), I've lost all of this stuff. If I'd known I would have found an alternative. Not happy. :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22836:	   Very good app,I now have my sms text messages on another phone..;). But would love to to have auto restore too so it downloads sms texts messages too a phone that only has wifi only automatically..Works on 4.3 fine.... DO NOT WORK ON KITKAT...One star lost..sorry Just updated to 4.4.2 and it restores but all the texts are empty (No subject) dam can the develpor of this app update it please...its a shame,I loved this app no have to use another app called.. SMS Backup and Restore..look for it..;D 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22842:	   So far its OK. It has backed up all my texts to my email but now I can't get them restored into the phone. All the phone #s show up in my texts...but no messages are attached...so it's like a bunch of drafts. This should really be fixed otherwise what's the point? I don't need all kinds of texts in my email. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22845:	   Whenever I try to back up it says IO error. ? Can someone explain please? Also is it able to backup mssgs on other devices linked tobmy gmail? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22846:	   I was having problems like others restoring my sms messages until I went into 1. Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Privacy Protection &gt; Advanced &gt; Message &gt; SMS Backup+ 2. Scroll to "Write" and select "Allow" 3.Redo the "Restore" in "SMS Backup+". Works like a charm now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22847:	   I had the back up to gmail app before this that I purchased. It wouldn't work on either of my new phones that I got with android kit kat on them. This does. It is excellent and works as it should. It is very simple and easy to set up. It is also free. I think I should donate because I would pay money for this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22852:	   Since switching to a new LG G3 the restore function does not work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22855:	   Been using this app for 5yrs and has not failed. Can always pull my information via Gmail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22858:	   I tried the app to transfer texts to a new phone (Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx HD to Samsung Galaxy S5). It backed up the old phone to gmail without issues but when I restored from gmail to the new phone the text messages did not import fully (no date or message body). I can still view the texts in gmail (SMS label) however. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22864:	   I tried to restore all my stuff but it didn't work. It was fine in the past but unfortunately can't now. Like others have said this doesn't work with kitkat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22866:	   Unable to connect when phone screen is off. Constant errors. Updated, uninstalled and installed fresh. Dev doesn't respond to email 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22870:	   This app was working very well in starting stage but now back is showing error message cannot backup please help 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22894:	   Upgraded to Cyanagenmod with Kitkat and restore does not work in this instance. Worked every other time on previous versions though. Update: It does work with CM11 if you edit the "Send SMS/MMS" permission in the Privacy settings section. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22896:	   If you are experiencing issues restoring your text messages when switching to 4.4.2 (Kit Kat) follow the simple and easy directions to join the Sms Backup+ community & become a tester. It worked for me and now I have all of my messages. You are able to leave the community and/or stop being a tester immediately after . Don't give a negative review for such a great product with excellent support. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22906:	   I changed the name for one of my contacts and this no longer backs up any of the messages they send me, it will only back up the things I send to them. This app needs work, please fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22907:	   Been using this app to backup sms to my Gmail acct. I don't use the automatic backup feature so I don't know how that works, but I've never had issues with the app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22909:	   This app does not work .. do not use 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22911:	   Can you fix it? Phone log is backed up and sms log is still in email, but all my text conversations are blank and say "no subject." I'm running kitkat 4.4.2 on Galaxy S3 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22912:	   Good app for backing up your texts. Not a good app for restoring those texts back onto your device. This has been an issue for me for quite a while. I don't know that there is a fix in the works. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22915:	   Auto backup doesn't run. Manual backup says there is nothing to backup. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22923:	   Not working on kitkat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22926:	   It used to work fine but now I'm trying to back everything up for the first time in a while and it'll work on it for a while only to give me an IO error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22929:	   Title says it all. The app goes through all of the restore process, then nothing shows up on your phone after its done. Will rate 55 after this problem is fixed. UPDATE: I solved the problem, all you need to do is go into your security settings &gt; privacy guard &gt; hold down on SMS backup plus to see the security settings, then unlock SMS write. Proceed to the app to restore your contacts. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22932:	   Doesn't work on 4.4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22934:	   Iv been noticing it since past week, the app crashes and doesn't take any backup. Request the in charge to fix the app soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22937:	   Waited 15 minutes for it to finish but there's nothing new in my GMail. Instructions say something about IMAP but there's no mention of IMAP in GMail settings. App is designed to crash with screen timeout during backup. But there's no way to repeat the backup, and no log to view. I don't even know if the app would make readable emails from each sms, or just compressed garbage, if it did work in the first place. 100% rubbish. A total disappointment. I can't backup my sms messages anyhow. I'll lose them all. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22938:	   Does not work for 5.0 lollipop. Lost all my texts.. Absolute catastrophe 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22939:	   (21 Nov '14): For quite some months now, I've been wondering why my WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up. Can anyone explain or sort it out? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22944:	   I installed this app to export SMS to GMail. Opening the app, I'm prompted with the possibility to log in to Gmail. Once logged in, all my attempts at saving SMS fail because the app can't reach gmail server. I have made sure IMAP was enabled. Absolutely pointless, I uninstalled. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22945:	   Fails to restore anything on Android 5 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22946:	   This app doesn't work for the galaxy note 4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22948:	   Was very good and very useful but doesn't work anymore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22950:	   I made a backup for my SMS to my Gmail ... that was good (No problems) but now i want to restore my SMS back to my phone ... when i make the restore it only restore an (Empy SMS titled with No subject ) ?!!!! something Wrong, please fix this and i will give 5 Stars 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22955:	   Does not work lost all my txt msg don't bother downloading this waste of time 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22956:	   Restore is not working for kitkat 4.4.4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22957:	   I haven't used it for restoring or anything more complex than just backing up to Gmail, but I really like having that functionality. Doesn't appear to work if you have Hangouts set to manage your SMS (or at least if the Messaging app is disabled), which is a shame, but can be worked around. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22965:	   Basically, for some reason, this app doesn't gain/use the write sms permission and therefore can't restore your SMS. To fix this, you'll need an app called 'app ops' (if 4.4 and up, since I believe it's a system option in 4-4.3, just google it for your Android version). NOTE: Your phone may need to be rooted for app ops. Then run app ops and grant 'write sms' permission to sms backup+. Then just restore and it will restore your sms. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22970:	   This app used to work with older android versions. Not compatible with Kitkat. Unable to restore SMS from my gmail. Fixes are required. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22978:	   Hi evry thing is work fine but except what's app back up plz fix tht issues. I am using grand 2 . 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22980:	   This app always worked, but I just upgraded to kitkat and it tries to restore my sms but it fails. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#22990:	   I love this backup app and I've used it for years across many phones, backup up from GNex the other night when I got an OPO, restoring on the OPO is not working, it says it has restored but they are not showing in Handcent, Messaging or Hangouts. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23004:	   Why do I keep getting these error messages saying unable to connect when it is connected? I never had these problems before. Please fix this. Thank you. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23007:	   awesome app. But am not able to backup my watsapp messages to my gmail account. Please fix this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23016:	   App doesn't have permission to write SMS therefore it no longer restores. Please fix it. It worked perfectly before 4.4.4 update now it's useless. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23020:	   Team, i cannot backup WhatsApp log to gmail, but can sms and call log. I have emailed already thru a different account, but still didn't get help. So, tried changing account, still no use...pls help. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23021:	   Used this for years. Not a single problem. Love it! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23027:	   Used to work fine on my Galaxy S4, but not on the S5. When will this be fixed? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23032:	   Its why your phones always end up crashing and freezing. Its a computer.....you need to delete old junk memory from your phone in order for it to keep working well. This app backing up your sms to gmail's server is realistically all you need, stop being so irrationally sentimental. You are being ridiculous. Thats why google doesnt make it easier to backup in the 1st place.Enjoy replacing your phones for "software glitches" caused by you not having the intelligence to understand how to maintain your device. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23033:	   Does its job with sms and mms but the whatapp doesn't work. How do I get it to back that up? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23035:	   Backup worked great from my Droid Bionic with Jellybean. Then the restore to my new Droid Turbo Kitkat *seems* to restore everything, and when I open up the text app I see the messages, but within 1/2 second they all disappear, and only the texts that I have written since I got the phone are left. I hope this can be fixed, but don't hold out a lot of hope since this looks like it hasn't been updated in almost a year. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23047:	   I have the galaxy note 3 and the restore feature isn't working. It appears this is because of kitkat. I hope the developers will release a fix soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23049:	   This app used to work great but recently I needed to restore my sms and it did it's thing for 15 minutes then told me they all failed. Now I have 1000s of blank messages in my inbox. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23057:	   Because it doesn't work to automatically back up, I've got 5000 texts being backed up instead of every night doing like 200.... And I had to manually click backup even though i had it set to go every 24 hrs 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23058:	   Works well is sgs2 and sgs3 and does what it says. Migrated several phones and all smses and call logs are restored successfully. Great app! Update - does not work well on the SGS4 native app (not hangout) - grouped smses are not available for some users (you see the name of the person without the smses after restoring. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23067:	   After finishing restoring all SMS - no meesage appear in the messages? Please reply to us all the recent reviews here talk about same issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23070:	   Just bought the droid turbo and and the restore feature didn't work. It showed it was restoring everything and I could see the threads being created, but when the process was complete the restored messages disappeared. Also, I noticed that the messages were being restored in reverse order and this also happened on my last upgrade as well. Please fix so the app can be operating at it's full potential. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23072:	  Excellent app, does what it promises (except on WhatsApp). The problem currently is that it does not backup WhatsApp, I suppose WhatsApp has done something again to cause this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23073:	   When are you going to fix the restore floor kit Kat version?????? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23075:	   I trid to backup all my messages from my Note 2 to my Note 3, but it just restore the list messages, not the messages. It worked good when I backup my messages from S2 to my Note 2, but it do not work on my Note 3. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23083:	   Was a good backup until 4.4.4 it will load all sms with the date u restore but all txt r blank. Will up stars when that's fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23084:	   This app does not work it backed up and restored all numbers I was texting but not the actual conversations 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23088:	   This has been my favorite backup app which backs up both SMS and call log. But when I rooted my phone it stopped working. Developers pls work on it so that it can work even if it is rooted. Thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23089:	  does still not work. Did not restore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23093:	   When I tried to transfer over my texts from my s4 to my s5 by redownloading the Apollo on my s5 and using the same account, it showed the people who I texted but it didn't show the texts with each person. If this is fixed it is a FANTASTIC APP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23094:	   I rated it a 3 star because it doesn't support the kit Kat platform but it does save the data hope it gets fixed soon 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23096:	   Backing up SMS flawlessly.....I guess some issue over taking backup of WhatsApp messages. Has not taken backup of WhatsApp messages since march this year. Please fix this bug/issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23105:	   Have been using the app for years and it's been working great for me. Recently tried to restore on a KitKat phone and had to opt in the beta for it to work. It's a Shame the fix for KitKat is still in beta since 4.4 has been out for a while now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23116:	   After so much reading abt this app on net, I v downloaded. However, not working saying 'unable to connect'. I v checked gmail account, uninstalled, installed. But of no use. Pl give solutions. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23117:	   Soon as restore capabilities is fixed will rerate 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23118:	   Why it's not updating.  is not working since March..when this issue will resolve??? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23119:	   Dear admin please solve this kit kat issue soon. We all love you. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23121:	   never gave any issue. worked, always 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23124:	   Only backs up outgoing messages, not incoming. Nothing I try fixes it. Grrrrrr 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23125:	   Will there be any fix for this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23130:	   Update: Some of the messages that were sent were nearly a year old-before I bought this phone- so I know it's this app causing the issue! --------------- This is crazy! I turned my phone off to charge it. At midnight, I turned it back on. Upon powering up, I realized that somehow, at 10 ppl (or more) received old texts from me. Some of these texts are over a year old. I have no idea why this happened!! I just did a backup and restore earlier in the day, and I suspect that may have caused this. Help! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23131:	   The only times it hasn't backed up were times I made an error.. like downloading it and not syncing it to my email... other than that, it works fine. I've only once decided to restore my texts and that took too long and was dumb... I can reach them on my email if I need them. But I do have a question what is sync logs? Can anyone explain plz... ? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23132:	   I have all my SMSes backed up to Gmail, which is most important, but I cannot restore them to my phone after a factory reset. Hope this will be fixed :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23137:	  Please please fix this app for KitKat...OMG I have been using for a long time with no issues now it wont restore! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23139:	   Backs up just fine into my GMAIL but will NOT restore my messages. THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED to get 5 stars!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23140:	   The restore function on this has broken since upgrading to Kit Kit. I have managed to just get it working correctly but the phone needs to be rooted and App Ops needs to be installed (which needs root access). App Ops allows you to set write permission for SMS Backup+ (which it seems to be missing by default). Now when I hit restore I am getting all my SMS messages restored correctly. Unfortuantly if you dont have a rooted phone this wont work for you, lets hope the Dev can fix this so that rooting is not required. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23145:	   Hi Team, i don't know why WhatsApp is not syncing. Can you check please. Thanks hi team, waiting for response 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23147:	   Can't backup SMS in Hangouts when I try and backup I get an IO Error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23148:	   Backing up WhatsApp messages not working on a great program. When will this issue be fixed? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23149:	   Like many other reviewers here I was unable to restore my actual sms history to my phone. I have an S4. I hope this is fixed soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23150:	   But SMS not work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23155:	   Could not restore the SMS's to Sony xperia Z2. Kindly fix the problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23157:	  Not compatible with Android 4.4 Kitkat. It might be able to back things up, but fails at actually restoring things. Completely useless to me 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23159:	   Copies all to a Gmail folder but restore does not work at all... Took ages to restore 8000 messages and then none of the threads had any messages in them at all. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23160:	   I've now got a new phone. Whereas it was fine on my three year old phone, it no longer backs up the call log. It gives an error #8. Doesn't give any solutions though. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23166:	   Does NOT work with galaxy s4! Very unhappy with the recent update that will not restore texts to my phone. Fix and I will 5 star again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23169:	   Worked great until update to 4.2.2 Keep getting I/O error and cryptic message about IMAP settings in Gmail. HTC One SV 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23170:	   in the past: simple small app that works gr8, backups everything to gmail. no problems occurred so far in several deices and android versions. these days: used to b a gr8 app, but now it stops working without any reason or acknowledgement. happened to me lots of times, even after re-installing the operating system, really disappointing. more of the same: now this app wants me to tap in order to sync, but this option is disabled... oh yeah, the app says i need to set my username and password, but where ???????????????????? don't they want someone to buy their paid app ? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23174:	  Fantastic app!!! It is a must for me!!! Only problem for some reason it gives me error when I try to restore over WiFi at 3g works! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23178:	   All of a sudden it doesn't automatically back up my text emails or call logs at all. And my settings are correct. Please fix it!!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23182:	   Whatsapp backup not working in Xperia c and while restoring, call-log is not being restored.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23193:	   The app has worked great for me for the last couple of months but 3 days ago I had to reset my phone and tried to restore my messages and nothing came back. I guess I'm a little frustrated because I have not seen any reply from the app developers concerning the fix for this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23197:	   It seems I am still able to back my messages up to my gmail account, unfortunately, I'm not able to restore them to my device and I had to use another app. Will continue to use this since the backup still works, but I would like to see the restore option fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23201:	   I'm using REDMI 1S mobile..previously i used LG Optimus Netdual P698 in which automatically sms and call log updated to my gmail.. But now i have to manually backup everything every time.... Fix this to work automatically... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23206:	   It is not working on my moto g and I lost all of my sms.. Not only that, this app gets reinstalled automatically after I uninstalled this... Spam.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23207:	   I have imap enabled. I habe plenty of storage. Im on wifi. It backs up 20 messages and then stops due an "I/o error". Try a different app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23209:	   I had to do a factory reset of my phone and I thought I was all set with being able to get my texts backed up. But, it looks like it's not going to happen. I can see that the texts are being restored *somewhere* on my phone because when I run the app, it takes forever to load them. But, when I open up my texting app, the texts aren't there. If I figure out what's going on and am able to fix it, I'll come back and change my review. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23218:	   Very easy to use! I very much like it but I'm having problems in backing up WhatsApp messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23221:	   App is good, except for the fact that Whatsapp chat does not get backuped anymore. Tried sending emails to Jan Berkel but there has been no reply whatsoever from Jan. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23223:	   Been using it for years but doesn't restore anymore on new Android version. It keeps counting and saying restoring and when it finishes nothing is there. Tried on motog and HTC m8. Been using it for years to move my 17k messages from phone to phone, please fix it. UPDATE: been few months and no Fix yet. Doesn't restore on new version of Android(4.4+). DOWN TO ONE STAR TILL AN UPDATE IS RELEASED 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23224:	   It used to work great but after the upgrade to 4.4.2 it won't restore any messages. ......please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23229:	   I really like the Gmail integration, but the initial backup process kept stopping upon locking the phone. Eventually failed with an IO error each time & had to be reinitiated. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23231:	   Originally when I downloaded this app it was saving entire text message conversations so I could go back and search for them in my gmail. Now for some reason that feature has been removed and it only saves the text messages that you send. I have emailed several times to see if there is a simple fix but have not received a response so....I'm switchin apps. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23232:	   previously I had this on an S2 running 4.2 and it worked perfectly (this phone was stollen). I now have a Nexus 5 with 4.4.2 and it will not restore any of my texts. I have enabled IMAP in GMail and this makes no difference. I have tried many different Text apps but this makes no difference. Please can this once great app be fixed? If you have 4.4.2 or later on your phone dont install this as it will not restore your messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23235:	   This app just worked fine a few months ago, now when I try to restore my messages on my new phone, it doesn't work... just a bunch of empty threads. I just want my messages back! :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23236:	   App is good but my whatsapp msgs r not getting backup. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23237:	   I have tried to backup several times now and It keeps failing with an . Please fix!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23238:	   Java trust error when trying to backup or restore on any 4.4 device 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23243:	   Pls fix issue with Kitkat.. its restore empty sms 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23245:	   I tried to restore my sms and failed many times it restore empty sms 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23250:	   Already in full donation mode, and whatsapp never backup to my gmail. Please fix this issue. Will giving another 3stars if u fix it. ;) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23253:	  Does not restore my messages after backing up. Hope this gets fixed soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23254:	   I'm using REDMI 1S mobile..previously i used Micromax A92 in which automatically sms and call log updated to my gmail.. But now i have to manually backup everything every time.... Fix this to work automatically... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23258:	   Backed up SMS from Samsung S2 to Gmail. But I have problems restoring to LG G2. Messages seem to be downloading but don't appear in the message app. Hangouts is disabled. Can anybody help with this? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23260:	   Untill last may it was working good, backup off the whatsapp chats. Now its not working and jan berkel dont reply my email. To bad, ik really liked this option. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23263:	   not backing up on i9505. Hope you'll fix it. Thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23270:	   This app worked great I used to back up my sms and it would restore it like they were never gone. Only recently I had to factory reset my phone and now the sms won't restore. Sigh, granted they are still in my email, but it would be nice to have them on my phone. Please fix this problem! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23274:	   Been using this app for two years and absolutely love it. Back up works flawlessly, however after restoring 25,000 sms all I received were blanks in my inbox. Please, fix this issue ASAP for all KITKAT users. I really need my sms restored back on my phone. Thank you in advance! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23275:	   I have tried to backup and restore my sms, but I've got just clear messages. Moreover, there is problem with dates, 'cause they restored with the current date and time. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23276:	   It used to work like a charm, but as of sept 20, 2014, it hasnt been working...please fix!!!! I used to love this app... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23279:	  What's app backup not working. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23281:	   didn't work since no.19 August, plz fix it, thanks! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23286:	   Able to backup but failed to restore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23296:	   Very useful application for restoring data on to another device. But there seems to be some restriction or compatibility issue in mobile with Kit Kat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23297:	   I tried to restore my text to my SD and it did work just waste of time. Please fix or it not compatible with the S5? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23300:	   Was I foolish in assuming, this would send me 1 email with 'x' number of messages zipped together? Instead I received over 80 emails, i.e. 1 for every SMS! Good job I delete texts regularly! I've been through all the settings and can't find anywhere to group back up texts. You have been warned. P. S. The emails have the heading off the sender of the message, so equally, it took a while to clean up my inbox. Needless to say, I'm now of to uninstall. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23301:	   This previously worked great but I just upgraded my phone to the Galaxy S5 using KitKat and Restore SMS looks like it is restoring but once finished, nothing is actually restored. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23305:	   I've been using this app on my phone for over 2 years and have loved it. But I recently bought a new phone and when I tried to restore my messages, they all showed up without a subject and no messages (basically all I got wad the phone number I received the message from and nothing else). Please fix this and I'll rate 5 stars again :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23308:	   Delightful app, doesn't get in your way, just does what you ask it to, and it does it well! So useful to me that I donated. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23310:	   Doesn't work on kit kat . same problem as described by others. Does not restore old messages once upgraded to kitkat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23324:	   Backed up SMS are not getting restored. DEV please look into it.. Lost all my messaged :( .. Uninstalling 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23329:	   Sept 24 2014: Still no update. It's unfortunate given I even made a donation to support continued development of app. May 11 2014: No longer syncing with my Note 2 following the Kitkat update. This app needs an update to fix this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23331:	   The sms aren't coming back. Only senders name have been restored and the contents are blank. Doesn't work on Android kitkat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23332:	   I would to give 4 star unfortunately its not working from may 14 I like this app because its helping lot thing. From may14 inwards its not backing up SMS whattsapp messages, every time I go there and the app is showing backup done. When I see my Gmail nothing is there. Hi team please look into this fix the same. Thank you for you support 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23339:	   It hasn't been able to back up since August 26th, and it won't even work manually. Failed me when I needed it most. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23344:	   Only shows contact name and then disappears... fix this... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23345:	   it showed me that evrything had been backed up . But when I tried restore operation it just failed :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23354:	   I tried to restore many times but it does not work. I do not see the messages in my phone text. Please fix this! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23358:	   I know this app backs up my texts perfectly, because I can seem them in my Gmail. Unfortunately, I never tried restoring my texts and call logs until now, and unfortunately it DOES NOT RESTORE. Perhaps this is a KitKat issue. What's strange is that when I first start the restore process, I can see the texts popping up in my messaging app, but halfway through they all disappear. The app continues to spit out numbers like it's restoring, but the end result is nothing being restored... at least nothing I can find. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23360:	  Use for years!!! How come it suddenly can not be backup since Sept 3, it keeps on calculating and the goes IO error. I am using Sony ultra. Please, have sent email to you but no reply....... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23363:	   All my SMS backup up to Gmail great but performed a factory reset and no I can see my messages in Gmail and can perform a reset app say all 5000 messages restored but nothing in hangouts pity would have given 5* if it had restored correctly because the backup side is great hopefully update soon to sort out this issue?? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23372:	   Great app. working fine on my S4. Only problem it does not backup WhatsApp messages. Check and re-check all the settings but nothing. Do anyone else experience the same problem. Does not backup WhatsApp mesages on Galaxy S5. Anyone else with the same problem? Is there a sulotion? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23375:	   Performed a factory reset. Tried to restore the SMS it showed as if it is restoring the message but when complete none of the messages are restored. Pathetic. Please fix. Using Moto G Version 4.4.4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23376:	   Doesn't work, just headings left after restore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23382:	   unable to sync Whatsapp messages to gmail, Please fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23383:	   Earlier all WhatsApp messages wud also get backed up ..but now since March 2014 WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23384:	   Restore function not working on some devices. Mine included. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23385:	  Hey please fix it ! I can no longer restore my messages from my gmail !! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23386:	   I noticed an issue on my sony z2. I can also confirm all settings are correct. The application will not backup any inbound calls that are from a private number if the call came from call waiting 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23387:	   Whatsapp messages stopped to store after 8 of March. Tried on different phone but it doesn't work too 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23397:	   It won't let me down load on new phone. Keeps erroring 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23401:	   I had important phone numbers in my phone but it stopped working. Thankfully this app backed them up to my Gmail account so I could retrieve them. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23402:	   Like most others backs up great, but restore does not work.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23404:	  With kitkat it doesn't work I restore and I see them briefly then they all disappear please fix soon. Thanks in advance 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23406:	  I tried to restore and it looked like it was working but when I went to my messages they're all blank but when I log in to my Gmail account on my computer I can see the messages & logs. Please fix immediately! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23408:	   I had trouble making it work in Kitkat until I went to App Ops and manually enabled Write Sms/MMS. That fixed it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23409:	   Backed up to gmail fine, I mean I can SEE everything there on my new phone's gmail account but it does not restore to my new phone. Fix and I'll change rating. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23414:	   Does not backup whatspp to gmail anymore. However, cannot find subsitution. So, this is still the best app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23415:	   Seems to be not compatible with kit Kat... tried to restore my messages and it says it restored it, but when I go into the messages it's blank... please fix.. was perfect before.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23420:	  O.k for sms and call log but cannot upload my whatsup message to my gmail. Note 3 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23421:	  Watsapp backup does not work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23427:	   WhatsApp messages are not getting backed up.. :-/ 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23428:	   I lost all my sms!!! It didn't restore to my Samsung Galaxy S5 (Kit Kat). Fix this! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23430:	   Since March, and the developer hasn't come up with a fix yet. Everything else is fine. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23432:	   Running S4 on kit Kat 4.4. I had to wipe my phone due to software issues and it took almost an hour to back up my messages. I reinstalled this app after the phone restore was complete and it says it restored the messages but it didn't. I only get my contact name with a blank message that has no content. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23435:	   After trying to restore my backup on my Galaxy S5 all of my backups are blank there is no massage inside. On my older phone which is running gingerbread I have no problem with restoring back up. Really don't know what it is. Please need some advice to solve the problem. Will rate 5 once the problem fixed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23436:	   Every web site raved about this app for backing up messages and restoring them -- but especially transferring them to a new phone. I just bought a new phone. I did a backup which stored everything in gmail. I see that restore cannot do the MMS; it doesn't even have a place holder or anything on those messages. I hope they add that in sometime. But the problem is that the restore only goes back a little more than a month. Looking through my old phone, I see that my phone deleted the older messages. That is hurtful. I wish I had this app sooner. I could have had the older messages backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23440:	   Just updated my phone firmware and reinstalled this, now getting the "Command: SELECT "SMS"; response: #6# [NO, Unknown, Mailbox; SMS, [Failure]]" error. Checked "show in IMAP". Doesn't seem to work. Hasn't backed up properly since a couple of weeks ago, but that may be my mistake editing labels in Gmail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23444:	   Nice app, but have a problem to restore SMS, I am using 4.4.4 Kit Kat on Motorola Droid Maxx XT 1080M. Fix it and will get 5 stars. Thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23447:	   App is working fine and sending backup on email of sms and call logs. But Its not working on whatsapp conversation. Its has not create any label into email of name of whatsapp. EVen i have installed 2-3 times but same reault again. Please help on this coz i badly needed my whatsapp conversation backup on email. I am using google nexus 4 phone. If any person can help me on this so please share process on email. Thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23451:	   Previously worked perfectly. Now, unable to backup WhatsApp. After I tried to clear my data, it even cannot logged in to my account. Please fix :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23453:	   Keep getting an error message! Please fix for higher rating. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23455:	   There has been no update for this in a long time. SMS is still being backed up but no longer working for whatsapp messages. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23456:	   switched to Kitkat 4.4.2 and this thing stopped working, it wont restore my old sms, shows all the names in inbox but no text inside. you guys need to fix this please. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23458:	    easy to use, the older version was great but it won't restore any of my text messages with the newest version. I would give a 5 star rating but since features aren't functioning properly I gave it 3 stars. Please fix. Samsung galaxy s4 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23461:	   I've been using SMS Backup+ since I got my first Android phone in ... 2011? And it's been chugging away in the background all the time silently archiving my texts and calls to my gmail account. All this without a whimper of a crash. I didn't realise the value of this until today when I needed to trace the date on a bank transfer that I had done a few months ago (dispute, long story). The bank wasn't able to help without a service charge, but I recalled that I must have received a text when the payment went through. And lo and behold! the text was backed up, and I was easily able to find it on Gmail and send a transaction ref and date and time to the payee. The only blip is that Whatsapp backup no longer works, but that's not the dev's fault. This app was already 5-starred by me earlier, but now I'm adding this comment, and I've made a donation to Jan for saving my ass ;-) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23462:	   Facing problem to log in to my Google account. Backup is not working... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23467:	   this app was taking backup of whatsapp chat history but from 3-4 months it is not working. Plz fix it asap. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23470:	   This was great when it was working but it now starts to backup and then says it can't finish because of IO error. I'm not sure if it's because my phone updated to KitKat on S4. Please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23471:	   Genius idea. Every SMS to Gmail automatically, tagged and easy to search etc. Tried to "restore" on a new phone, didn't work too well, maybe works only on same phone. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23475:	   Works perfectly...never an issue with my texts being backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23477:	   I love this app. Only issue now is that when I got a new phone (which runs kit Kat) it won't restore my messages. It acts like it's restoring but when you open the messaging app....nothing! Fix soon please... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23481:	   What'sapp not been backed up since April, which is probably a bug since what'sapp updates their program quite a lot. It's also not possible to backup what'sapp messages only manually. So a definite bug. Also the battery drain is still a HUGE problem. Other than that good application that works well with gmail, making it easy to locate and print old messages or pictures. I've used it for at least a year. Thank you. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23484:	   This is backing up my outgoing only not my incoming. I have I used this app for several years this is the frist issue I have had!!! Please fix!!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23487:	   Kitkat 4.4.4 ... Messages show up on the app whist being restored but at the end of the process they disappear. I noticed that if the stock SMS app is not defined as the default SMS app the SMS get listed... As soon as you make the stock the default again the messages are gone... Please fix this 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23492:	   Complete fail when I tried to restore: names show up, but no messages. I backed up from my old Samsung Galaxy. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23496:	   082614 UPDATE: IT APPEARS USERS HAVE FIGURED OUT THAT THIS APP IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH KITKAT! *** Kitkat changed how SMS apps are handled - apps now need to be registered as the Main SMS App to be able to add SMS messages, and SMS backup+ doesn't do that yet. ***JAN BERKEL NEEDS TO GET ON THIS AND UPDATE HIS APP BECAUSE A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO BE VERY UNHAPPY IF THEY UPGRADE THEIR OS. Used this app to back up all messages to Gmail. Everything is in my Gmail account but when I restore back to my S3 after a factory reboot every phone number gets pulled back in but the actual message itself doesn't. Every message I have in my phone is empty. I lost a crapload of important information due to this total failure of an app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23506:	   Worked well at 1st. Originally installed it on my Galaxy S 2. I ended up having to do a factory reset, lost everything, installed the app and everything restored. But I just got the S 5 and tried restoring. It acts as if it's restoring all my texts but when I open them, they're all blank...not too happy about that. From reading through the comments it seems to not be compatible with Kit Kat. I will keep it installed with hopes it will be fixed. In the meantime, I will be looking for another SMS backup app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23508:	   This app has worked great in the past. I got a new Moto X and the text messages will download but not restore on the phone. Please fix issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23509:	   Can't download my SMS, Call Log or anything back to my phone...Going to uninstall & don't recommend this app... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23510:	   Great app, but restore currently does not work at kitkat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23516:	   Pls fix restoring on kit kat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23517:	   I love this app, however the kit-kat upgrade made restore unusable. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23537:	   This was a five star app. But out of nowhere it won't auto backup. I keep getting the same errors over and over. (Unable to connect and Temporary Gmail IMAP error) if I immediately open the app and press backup it works just fine. I don't get it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23540:	   Awesome product, I've used it through several hardware upgrades and one crash. Can't say enough about how happy I am to have this software on my phone! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23542:	   Hi, I am using a Samsung Galaxy S4 with default settings. Have a Gmail account connected to the app. Have Auto backup checkBox checked. Auto backup settings are in their default settings. However, none of the calls, SMS or MMS are not synced with my Gmail account. I have to press Backup manually. Any idea? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23549:	   I understand that WhatsApp has changed it's encryption, but this app is of no use until it is fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23554:	   I kept getting an error every time I tried to back up data. It looked like it was working because it said how many items were being backed up but it kept giving me a error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23555:	   Backed up all my SMS to my Gmail just fine, so that part of the app works great. It shows it restoring a ton of my messages when I tell it to Restore, but when I open my inbox nothing comes up. At least it backed up properly, but it's a real bummer I can't get my messages back on my phone. Droid DNA, Android 4.4.2, Sense 5.5. 3 Stars for half functionality. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23560:	   Easy Android 4.4 fix: go to settings/app privacy/smsbackup+ and give the app permission to 'write SMS/MMS'. Sorted. Great app! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23561:	   Around 8/15, noticed a bug where all SMS get backed up in Gmail as if they were sent by the other person. Might be due to Hangout or Gmail change.. not sure. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23563:	   I switched to a s4 in may 2014. Up until then I had all incoming sms messages saved but since May anything previous only shows outgoing messages. Please fix. Before this it was a 5 star rating but now only 1. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23565:	   Its not restoring my sms... I enabled the IMAP thing on my gmail account. Backup showed success...but when I tried restoring...It says error in connection... :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23568:	   I tried to backup my MMS messages but it just stated that no messages found. I then changed the settings to all SMS and MMS and it still couldn't find any messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23570:	   Some features not working. Thats y a 4 star. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23588:	   I had issue with my mms messages not being backed up for several days..I tried to contact the developer several times but no response for days..not sure if it's a Samsung galaxy issue or an App issue. App was working fine up to a certain point oh well 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23590:	   please fix the compatibility with kitkat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23597:	   Lg g2 on kit Kat. Cannot get any messages to restore using default messages app or hangouts.... Fix please! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23603:	   Was working OK in old phone but the restore does not work in my new phone running android 4.4.4. Restore operation appear to go smoothly but on opening up messaging all threads appear for a fraction of a second and then disappear. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23605:	   Works perfectly in the background, used it for years and never had a problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23609:	   Backed up messages from HTC One to Gmail, tried to restore them on LG G3 & it appeared as if it was working but nothing happened. No messages, no previous text logs.... NOTHING! Fix it. Please!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23613:	   I love the backup to my Gmail, but since upgrading to KitKat I can't restore SMS messages. This is as a result of permission changes in KitKat that only allow the nominated messaging app to write SMS. Hopefully the app will be updated to overcome this. This app hasn't been updated since December 2013, so there may not be a fix on the horizon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23614:	  Works fine. Currently problem with Wahtsapp backup (from March) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23615:	   This app was a perfect SMS backup tool. But not supported for KitKat. Hope they'll fix it soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23616:	   Although it took some time, it seem to backup my text. When it came time to restore, the only items restored was the headings. When clicking on the headings, no texts were found. Hopefully, this can be fixed for future clients, but I would not recommend this app for the Galaxy S4. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23617:	   its not restoring the massages from gmail into phone having kitkat version...please fix this.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23622:	   Io error no help option app doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23628:	   It seems the backup functionality for Whatsapp messages are no longer working since March 2014. Please fix this quickly! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23640:	   This app does not work on android 4.3 and up. This app needs an update. I lost a lot of text messages thanks to this app from the beginning of the year to now, I am seriously disappointed. Uninstalled and now using a better app .Please try "sms back up and restore" for an app that works. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23646:	   Restore is not working on 2 diff KK phones: LG L2 and moto G, but it works well on Jelly Bean 4.1 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23650:	  WhatsApp backup does not work but everything else works flawless. Good app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23652:	  Waste of time not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23653:	  Won't back up what's app anymore and this problem hasn't been fixed since March 14 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23657:	   Says everything is restored yet nothing is restored. Needs a fix - fast 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23664:	   App works great when backing up but restoring needs to be fixed it restores the name but not the conversations. Would be 5 stars if this problem is fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23666:	   I was happy to use it before but can't use it after upgrade my phone to Kitkat. Please fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23672:	   I've wiped my phone several times and SMS Backup + has been very useful porting my sms messages to each new install. I've used a few similar apps to backup SMS and call log to SD card, but those don't work on Nexus phones (no SD card) and SMS Backup + does. It's also easier to use (back up regularly and if you're paranoid, force a backup before you wipe). It's also nice to be able to search them from my gmail account (under the SMS label). 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23679:	   Superb app ! But auto backup dsnt work. Plz fix it 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23680:	   I've been using this app for over a year now. It works great to backup SMS, MMS, and Call logs to your Gmail account. But I just started using WhatsApp a week ago, and I can't get the app to backup any of my WhatsApp chats. I am running Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) on an LG G2. Anyone have any suggestions? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23684:	   Used this app extensively on past devices, and also recommended it to many folks as it used to work great. But it will only backup, not restore messages on HTC One (M8) running KitKat. As you can see, its a common issue with folks on KitKat. The developer hasn't updated the app in some time (Dec 2013) so the chances of an update are unfortunately rather slim. Too bad, I'll have to find another "go to" solution. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23689:	   UPDATE - It no longer backup WhatsApp msgs. The last backup for WhatsApp msgs was on March 10, 2014.===============================The app is really good, but the drawback is that it doesnt backup whatsapp group messages...please rectify this issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23694:	   It used to be a top app but hasn't been updated in a long time and now just not working. Authorisation errors, not restoring correctly etc Not recommended until all the issues are resolved. Shame. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23695:	   In 4.4.4 getting issue with restoring the messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23696:	   Stop working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23699:	   I love your application but just now realized that whatsapp is not getting backed up starting Mar 9, 14. Same is the case with my other phones. Please fix it, thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23700:	  Failed to install - code 24 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23701:	   Get this app. You will thank me for recommending.. Use of very critical. You actually do not know whom you had called 6 months back for that particular important issue because your phone does not have that old record. So you use this app. It does call log and sms back up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23711:	   Unable to restore i hav 13511 msgs but unable to restore take too much time in 6 hours it only restore 5000 msgs but failed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23715:	   Been a long time user of this app. I have always loved it and now with this new phone it no longer works. Please fix incoming call, sms, mms not backing up. If this gets fix the app will be a 10 again. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23719:	   Also not restoring on Android 4.4.2, please fix soon! Until then, app is useless. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23720:	   It just doesn't work. Have had it for 3 weeks now and not a single email to the account I gave it. Perhaps a front for fraud. Beware. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23729:	   Great, simple, reliable. For all of you struggling with the issue, when you try to restore your messages in CM11(stable/nightly, whatever), use following: Settings > Privacy > Privacy Guard > Advanced > Messaging > SMS Backup+ > Write SMS DB > Allowed 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23732:	   Updating review since Whatsapp backup has stopped working since March 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23736:	   It CAN backup all the SMS properly, however it fails to restore... The problem is : it doesn't register itself as the default SMS app before restoring. Under Kitkat, the proper process of restoring SMS is sth like this: 1. backup app (e.g. SMS Backup +) register itself as the default SMS app 2. restore 3. when the restore process is finished, ask the user to go to their preferred default SMS app (e.g. Messaging) and set "SMS Enabled" in the Settings if the first step is skipped, everyone will see the exact same situation as what David Stevens mention.... please fix it :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23739:	   Since I upgraded to KitKat I think it's stopped working. It backed up as normal.. And it does act like its restoring everything but nothing actually restores now 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23741:	   Doesn't work with alot of text messages 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23745:	   I had about 17,000 messages to backup from June 2013 to July 2014. It took hours then failed at January 12 (confirmed via Gmail sms folder) so I estimate 10,000. I tried again and it said 0 new items backed up. EDIT: I created a new label for Gmail via the settings and still received the same "IO Error" but it seems to be a valid workaround. I see texts on this new label from June 1 2013 through the last one I sent an hour ago (while backing up!). Will give 5 stars if this issue is resolved. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23747:	   With the latest update from android, I can no longer restore sms and call logs. Please fix it! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23753:	   Pls fix issue of backing up wats app messages. It always shows there are no messages to back up even though so many messages are available for back up... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23759:	   I have a Samsung galaxy s5 and my messages will not restore using this app. It appears to be a problem on all sms backup apps, please fix! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23762:	   Cant backup whatsapp since 7th march 2014.please solve the issue 1 star for now. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23763:	   Even after checkin option of WhatsApp back up in my Samsung S3, I'm unable to back up my WhatsApp log n conversation to my email. Kindly fix this issue Thank u If not, let me know - I shall uninstall this app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23764:	   I'm very disappointed with it's performance with my updated phone. It worked fine on android 4.0 but couldn't recover the backup on android kitkat 4.4.4. It's showing your backup is restored but not showing anything on your phone. Request the developers to fix this bug. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23765:	   Wasn't intuitive to use. Had several issues, & when it finally worked, it forwarded a messy looking garbled bunch of text, I had to spend serious time editing to make it legible. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23766:	   I try this app cause i wanted to move over 5000 thousand message and the thing doesn't work so i have one that you guys should download and defintley buy it worth the money it called Mybackup and trust me i am very picky with apps i want them to work if i grew to love it so will you though this will help everyone who having a problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23770:	   Awesome app, please update to fix for KitKat, no option to select it as the default message app so it can restore properly 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23774:	   In general a great app, but also having problem with sms restore on KitKat. Please check. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23776:	   Auto Back up error Not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23787:	  Only picture mail and call logs get backed up. SMS text are not being backed up. The app does not work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23792:	   This works great on my Kit Kat G2. For those having issues with restoring on Kit Kat, you have to enable the write permission for the SMS database in App Ops. If you don't know how to do it Google is your friend... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23793:	   Whatsapp not getting backed up. Device Samsung tab 2 and moto g 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23794:	   Upgraded to Galaxy Note3 application worked for a few days now it doesn't backup nor does it restore anything so disappointed not sure if it's the phone or the application so therefore because I've never had an issue until now my 5ating stands until I figure out what's going on 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23795:	   It takes hours to back up and then leaves an io error... Wtf! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23796:	   WhatsApp back up not working. What is worse is that Dev doesn't even bother responding to queries. No support 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23798:	   By cpedia. There app doesn't work anymore and I'd like to restore using there format but it doesn't work. I labeled them Android/SMS and changed the settings in your app but they don't come through. The format for emails is number@unknown.email for just numbers and the persons real email address if it does know it, eg bob@foo.bar which can be looked up in my contacts to get the number. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23802:	   Backup was done successfully in old phone and restoration without messages. Pls fix it.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23809:	   Backup is my only concern... I dont really restore backed up messages... So for me, this app is doing the best job so far... I m using this app since 2012, and still is my must have app.... I dont know why other people are having problems but for me, it s working solid.... I have used in sgs2, sgs3 and now using in my sgs4... Very easy to setup as well... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23812:	   When I first started using the app it was a 5 star app all the way. Well for some reason now, the auto backup stopped working. I can change the settings to anything. It use to be if I uninstalled and re-installed the app the auto backup worked for a little time then stop all together. Now, that fix doesn't even work. I have emailed multiple times with no response. So I dunno. I still use it but only because it is already setup in my gmail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23813:	   I've used this app before on my old android and it worked great. But on my S3 after updating to 4.4 it shows the sms in my Gmail and on top in notification bar it says its restoring on the phone but I check in "messages" and nothing is being restored in phone messages! PLEASE HELP fix issue so I can have my old SMS back on my phone :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23822:	   The contacts are there, but no messages. Please fix this for kitkat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23828:	   Great app i have been using it for a long time works well but since the 4.4 update messages will not show up in hangouts i found out its got to do with read/write permissions being disabled can you fix this ASAP the only way i know of fix this is by rooting and using ops app to set read/write permissions on hopes this helps developer plz get on it thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23832:	   Been using this for many years with 60,000 sms but now is not working on my new phone... seems to be restoring but with no actual result. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23837:	   The backup ability is great and I've yet to have any problems. I like that it syncs my call logs to Google Calendar too. I haven't used the restore ability yet, so I'm not sure how well that works. It's not a issue for me since it's backed up to Gmail and I can just search for anything I need to remember or reference later. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23838:	   This app does do what it says, however I believe that the developer should have mentioned that this app doesn't take a backup of existing SMS's. Only those SMS's will be backed up which the phone receives after this app is installed. Older messages don't get backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23840:	   Thanks for this great APP but pls fix SMS restore issue on Kitkat, I can't restore my SMSs at all :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23844:	   Backup was successful, the restoring process finishes but no sms is restored. Fix this!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23846:	   A life saver app that helped me so many times. But it's not restoring my texts on HTC One M8 (stock ROM 4.4.2). It says it's restoring, but messages are nowhere to be found. Hope it will be fixed soon! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23850:	   Fantastic App But since changes to updating to KitKat it no longer Backs up Whatsapp Please fix 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23852:	   I'm using SMS Backup+ from the last couple of years and undoubtedly this is the best sms backup app. But recently I changed my handset to Samsung Galaxy S4 with Android 4.4.2 and I started facing problem with an app (version: 1.5.5) first time. It is not restoring the SMSs backed up in my Gmail. Though it finds the SMSs and restore the names only but not the actual messages. When I open the Message threads in my phone, it just shows the names without any message inside. I hope this is a minor bug and can be resolved ASAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23857:	   I have had this app since 2011. My 3 week old new phone was stolen last week. The ONLY reason I didnt lose everything is because of this app! I pay monthly for Sprint TEP to back up everything, pics, video, data, etc and it FAILED!!! Heartbroken I lost irreplaceable photos but SO thankful for this app. I wish this app backed up everything because I would never have to worry again! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23858:	   Does what is said except whats app is not backing up after update please fix this problem 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23860:	  Shows error when attempting to create backup. Have enabled IMAP in Gmail and checked all settings. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23862:	   The backupb for sms and call log is excellent. But it doesn't work for whatsapp. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23867:	   Backed up everything to GMail. I opened GMail and they're all there. Replaced my Galaxy S4 with another S4. "Restored" over 2000 messages. ALL BLANK!!! Thank goodness they're at least in my GMail account or I'd be totally screwed. FIX THIS! :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23874:	   Restoration looks like working successfully but actually is not working. Please kindly solve the issue ASAP 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23875:	  Not working on KitKat 8(( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23877:	  App does not work on Kitkat. When I contacted them they ignored me 3 different times 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23879:	   I recently upgraded to a S5 and now I can't restore my texts to my phone, please fix this issue. I had no problems with the messages restoring to S3. This issue needs to be corrected. Thank you 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23882:	   Got replacement phone. When I downloaded the app again it gives me an error msg. Stating sms backup and error 10 error. Pls fix this problem or what can I do I love this app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23883:	   I have a Samsung Galaxy S4. I can not restore my SMSs. Never a problem before. Please help if its something that can be sorted 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23889:	   Used to work great with my older Android phones. I hope they fix this problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23894:	   Most recently the app has stopped restoring any sms content. The messages come back blank. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23902:	   My messages vanish periodically. I have no idea whether this is a common problem, or whether it's actually caused by this app, but I'm certainly grateful they're safely backed up! However, there are definitely some discrepancies in the numbers reported when restoring... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23905:	   Ive been trying for days now to backup whatsapp mess.. and keeps telling me theres nothing to back up... can this be fixed plz?? I love everything else soo far... :-( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23906:	   From March I am not able to get whats app back up... I have to do back up manually... Kindly help and fix this bug :( :'( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23907:	   Its giving error no backup file found :/ 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23910:	  Didn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23912:	   Worked great at first, but now it stopped working for whatsapp. Says "nothing to back up" although there ARE new messages!! I even tried to uninstall & reinstall, but still it did nothing! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23913:	   None of my whatsapp messages are being backed up. I've had this app for about 4 years and never had a problem with it but since a few updates ago it has stopped backing up whatsapp. Please resolve this issue asap. thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23921:	   It was arguably one of the best backup app for sms and whatsapp messages, but for some reason whatsapp messages can't be backuo now, please fix that and I will give you 5 stars ;) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23924:	   Was working perfectly, except that it randomly stopped backing up Whatsapp 4 months ago even though the option is selected! And it's only when I need to restore a whatsapp convo from last week that I learn this! Any backup app needs to be above all else 100% reliable as it's only when you need to restore that you find out there are issues and by that time it is too late! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23929:	   No warning that  will not work. Can't restore messages with any other app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23936:	   I backed up my text messages to my gmail account. Tried to do the restore and it only restored the name of the person you text not the message itself! Do not use this program! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23937:	   you want to update and fix the KitKat issues would be nice. Can't believe it's been half a year of complaints and nothing so far. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23943:	  Don't save the incoming messages in gmail. Only the ones I send. Other than that I like the app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23944:	   There seems to be some problem after updating to kitkat it restore the call log fine but not the SMS it doesn't work at all, hope It gets fixed soon! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23952:	   I tried this cause it was recommended by a buddy of mine. I had a old phone that needed to be backed up so when I downloaded the app with the new phone it didn't work . All it did was download who a texted but the messages were blank . Wth ! . Lost important info 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23954:	   Been using this app for a few years to backup sms constantly and the occasional restore. Never had issues and works wonderfully 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23957:	   There is a major problem here that needs to be addressed. I've been on many message boards with people having this exact same problem: SMS Backup+, when used to restore, restores the name of the senders, but the content of the text messages are completely blank. Using this same app, on my older Phone (HTC Sensation running 4.0.3), it works perfectly. I have read that this is due to the fact that this APP cannot establish correct read/write permissions. The only way people have been able to get this to work is to Root their phone (which actually voids your warranty if your phone service finds out), then use App Ops to give SMS Backup+ the correct read/write permissions. The other issue here, is that Google Hangouts (when set as the default app to handle SMS messages) will not recognized the restored text messages. This use to be a 5 star app, but now I can only give it 2, because the Backup feature to your Google account, at least, does work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23967:	   Got my phone Monday and I started restoring my texts and it look like it was restoring but nothing showed up when it was finished. Please Fix it! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23968:	   Long time user and fan of this app but since the switch to a new device with KitKat I've lost some love. Like others have said, it looks like the restore is working but no messages ever appear. Hoping for a fix-this app has worked flawlessly and unobtrusively in the background and I'd love to have it going forward. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23974:	   Are you still alive? Will this app ever be updated again or have you moved on to bigger and better things? Just curious because several reviews have been posted in the last 6-8 months about SMS Backup+ not being compatible with Kit Kat and you haven't replied to them or updated the app to fix the restoration problem. I just want to know whether a fix is planned or if I should do what you seem to have done and simply give up on this app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23979:	   please fix. *frustrated! :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23980:	   It backed up all sms'es just fine, but I can't get them recoverd back to my phone after this. This was working flawless before. Why dosent it work now?? :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23983:	   I've used this app before with great success but now it won't restore my messages. Very frustrating and there's no way yo get a hold of anyone for help with the issue. Very disappointing. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23984:	   Kitkat issue : I can't restore my SMSs. Don't use this app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23985:	  Didn't work filled my messages with anonymous texts of gibberish 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23986:	   Doesn't work with kit kat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23989:	   Will this be updated for kitkat? Nice features, just doesn't work on latest android version. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23990:	   this app does exactly what it says it does and it works wonderful however I have not used to restore it features 
com.zegoggles.smssync#23997:	  I can't restore my messages on my new phone (KitKat). Please Please Please Fix it! !!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24003:	   I fixed the WhatsApp backup problem by installing an app called Tri-Crypt. Search for it on the app store. It converts crypt5, crypt6 and crypt7 backup files to crypt so sms backup+ can read them again. :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24004:	   Great app... Plz plz plz fix KitKat restore or open source it and let someone else maintain it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24014:	   Very useful app. Only reason for not giving it 5* is that WhatsApp backup has stopped working recently. If that gets fixed then this is back to a 5* app for me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24015:	  It doesn't work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24021:	   It's not backing up WhatsApp chats on my new MotoG (XT1033). Used to work earlier on a Samsung Galaxy S. Please fix. Removing two stars because it's no more backing up whatsapp. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24022:	   This app used to be "the one" but no longer restores since Kitkat. It still backups to gmail like a magic but no good unless you can restore right? Kitkat has been released for ages but you have not release an update to fix the problem for half a year despite the number of complaints 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24023:	   People saying restore doesn't work need to check their privacy guard. The app needs permission to write SMS. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24024:	   Simply Perfect. Error of restoring on KitKat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24030:	  Doesn't work on kitkat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24031:	   Doesn't work on HTC one m8, app doesn't have permission to write to sms so can't restore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24032:	   Please fix whatsapp backup. Its not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24036:	   Only sent messages are backing up.. not incoming.. plz fix.. as backing up of incoming messages are important.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24039:	   From the past 2 months or so whatsapp messages are not getting backed up. I have also emailed you regarding this issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24043:	    sms texts after backing them up. Read your reviews and fix things . Horrible app ! Use something else. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24044:	   Have to uninstall then install again to get it to send to my gmail account please fix this samsung s4 thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24045:	   This app doesn't work properly. It doesn't restore. It goes through process & reload count,but nothing is ever restored. I've tried to restore 3 Times after getting new phone 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24048:	   Good app, looks like it's not working for me anymore though. Won't connect through WiFi. Will connect on mobile data network, but never actually restores anything. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24049:	    in my old phone to new phone i am using now moto e kitkat. Restore sms countig has been progress and in the last nothing is restore. What is the problem. Plz help me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24050:	   Not working in this phone 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24056:	   Updated my note 2 to KitKat, tried to restore messages, only the threads are being restored which are empty i.e. containing no actual messages, it works with rooted phones where the permissions can be switched on off manually, but on non rooted ones not working. The problem seems to be write message permission which is not given in KitKat. Resulting in 5 star - 3 star - google + = 2 star and no Google plus. Really sad was an awesome app before kitkat, desperately needs an update. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24059:	   Its not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24061:	   Backup message and call log works fine. Restore call logs is okay. but restore message isn't working. Messages are getting restored, but disappearing the next second. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24078:	   IT IS NOT WORKING NOW I ON MY SAMSUNG!!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24084:	   Wish it didn't use imap though 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24093:	   Been using this for about two years, never had an issue. The best sms, call log and whatsapp backup app there is 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24096:	   Try to fix this issue 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24099:	    I see them as it is loading them, then as soon as it finishes, they disappear. I have the new droid maxx with KitKat 4.4 on it. Very disappointed that it isn't working. I only saved it this way. It worked in the past so I trusted it to work going forward. My mistake. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24104:	   But since March, it does not backup Whatsapp messages. Everything else is good. I don't know if it's a know issue or what. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24108:	   I've recently moved from Samsung galaxy s4 to HTC one m8. When attempting restoration the counter will calculate and appears to be downloading messages but the never come back. I've attempted multiple settings changes but no luck. Love the app and desperately waiting for an update to fix it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24110:	  Whatsapp messages are not backed up. Please fix. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24117:	  Is this app finished editing fixing? Changing to a new mob today and realised what's app has not backed up since march to my gmail and it won't if I manual backup either, advice pls?? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24123:	   only sent messages are backuped in gmail......... wats the problem.....???? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24129:	   I have been using for nearly two years. Apart from reliably backing and restoring SMS and calls logs, the developers just added support for WhatsApp as well. However, WhatsApp backup has been extremely buggy for many versions now, where messages are not getting backed up. Developer, could you please fix? Except for this, the app is superb! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24132:	  How do I enable IMAP I'm gmail may be why sms messages are not uploading 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24138:	   I have used this on several occasions and did the job perfectly. However, since restore stopped working on KitKat, mind of useless now, ! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24142:	   Restore SMS doesn't work on kitkat. When it will available ? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24149:	   I could see the countdown, but no messages appear at all, just the people I sent messages to. On galaxy s5, kit kat. Seems others are having the same issue. It'd be great to get this to work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24151:	   Won't work on my s3 4.3 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24155:	   Simple, functional, as it should be! Unfortunately crashes / does nothing for WhatsApp with huge conversation threads. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24160:	   for more than 2 months whatsapp backing up is not working.Can u fix it or otherwise i will unstall the program :( 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24164:	   Does not work with kitkat. Pretty game breaking for me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24168:	   Use to work beautifully. Now it fails to restore.. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24173:	   I LOVE your app.......BEFORE I got my Galaxy s5 w/ KitKat. Contacts put up saying we were conversating but, no actual messages are showing up. Please fix and update ASAP, VERY annoying. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24176:	   The app used to back up incoming texts but doesn't anymore. My settings didn't change, and there's no option to even select "incoming/outgoing". I have an email folder full of my own messages to people, but absolutely no received texts. What happened? Please fix!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24179:	   I can't believe that I can no longer read those preserved messages because i trusted this piece of crap. All my messages are gone and can never be restored because this app failed to deliver the very thing it promised to me. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24181:	   I love this app. I've been using it for years now, on several different devices. Never had an issue. Set-up is fast and easy, and once it's configured, it works seamlessly in the background. Uses VERY little resources, too. Overall, I'm very happy with this app. Which reminds me...I believe a donation is in order. :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24191:	   Restore option doesn't work on android KitKat 4.4.2..... Plz fix it soon 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24194:	   I've have used this app in my s3 for 2 years which has been great to use especially if I lost important messages and now I have received my new phone the Samsung S5, downloaded the app restored all messages, but I can't see any of my messages, please could this be fixed many thanks. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24209:	   I am using this app from the last one year and everything goes fine till that day when I update my SG Note 2 to Android 4.4 KitKat, the app not backed up anything and shows error "unable to connect". Now a useless app for those who are using with Android 4.4 KITKAT. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24211:	   Last time whatsapp was backed was on Mar 10th. Please fix this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24213:	  it has stopped taking backup doesn't back up even manually and keeps giving an error no use even after re installing! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24218:	   Shedule backup is not working and whatsapp data didnt get back up 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24219:	   I restored my sms from a karbonn A21 (android 4) to Sony xperia z1 compact (android 4.4) and this what happened. 1-Restored message threads : showed old messages first rather than new messages first.( this one needs a fix) 2- all message threads showed the date n time of restore rather than original ( not critical but if can be fixed will be super) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24221:	   Need fix ASAP. Doesn't work at all on 4.4, makes it useless. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24222:	   I am unable to sign in to my gmail account from this app. Cant even backup. It finally went thru, but now it's VERY slow and will only do about 100 texts at a time before it error out and then I have to start all over ( I have it set to ALL). Please help! The saved "SMS" texts in my google account only go as far as 100 texts back, is there a way to change that? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24223:	   This app worked very well with my Galaxy Nexus. Now that I have the Galaxy S5 it won't restore messages. IMAP is enabled in Gmail & has been since I started using this app over 3 years ago. I've emailed requesting assistance to resolve the issue I'm having but I haven't received a response. I hope the creator is working on it so that this app works properly with Kit Kat. I'd be happy to update my rating & review then. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24224:	   Backed up SMS and call logs on previous phone with 4.2 android. SMS backup+ is unable to restore the sms to KitKat 4.4.2. Numbers countdown just happens but no SMS is restored. Please fix. Else it works correctly. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24225:	   When I first got my note 3 it restored properly. I had to send my phone for repair and now it fails to restore. I get blank threads rather than the actual texts. I'm betting the other people are right and it's because of Kitkat. First time I restored my phone still had Jelly Bean. 5 star App just needs to be fixed. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24226:	   But now that I've updated to the s5 it can't add any of my sms? It looks as though it's working but when I go into my messages it says (no messages) on everyone's message... hope this gets fixed soon! Other than that love this app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24228:	  Not working on kitkat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24230:	   I backed up my messages on my phone and It didn't do anything! I have wonderful memories of me and my gf and now I can't get them back because this app doesn't work! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24235:	   It's so frustrating! It find 9400 messages, but says that they are duplicates and never restore them to my new HTC ONE MAX. I have emailed Jan Berkel, still have not received a response. I can see all the messages in my GMAIL, but can't get them to my phone. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24241:	   Doesn't work properly on Samsung S5, it's a real shame. I really enjoyed this app. I will revise rating after fix is in place. Keep up the great work. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24247:	   I've been using this app since when I found it on 2 yrs back. All the functions are worked fine till last update. Now whatsapp not getting backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24250:	   Developer is please note , from 9th of November this app ain't working ! When I click on backup , it does not back up whatsapp 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24251:	   Need back up for what's app currently backup on gmail is not working 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24263:	   Whatsapp backup doesn't work since 19 Feb 2014, whatsapp updated. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24265:	   And it's no longer automatically backing up. I receive an error and have to manually do it every time. Anyone else having this issue? It worked perfectly on my Droid Razr. I will continue to use it, but I don't understand why it's not automatically backing up on my Galaxy S4. I too will give 5 stars when MMS is backed up. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24266:	   I've been using this app for almost a year. Love it! However, ever since I upgraded to KitKat, it stopped backing up all my texts. Please find a fix ASAP! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24270:	   Needs fix restores senders names in text puts oldest texts first but when you open texts there are no messages. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24272:	   Doesn't restore onto my s4. Fix this issue and I'll give 5 stars. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24274:	   After connecting to my gmail account I initially hit 'skip' instead of backup because I wanted to take a look at all the settings first. This messed everything up and backup would not work. MAKE SURE you select backup and not skip when you're first running the app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24278:	  Does not work 100% with new android update. WhatsApp not backing up anymore 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24281:	   all of you who have problems with SMS restore on KitKat, go to privacy guard settings and allow SMS write for SMS Backup+! enjoy :) 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24282:	   Cant use it because of kit kat ..Please fix... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24283:	   The only reason I gave this app 1 star is because I couldn't give it a -5. This app doesn't work with the new KitKat android version. Won't backup anything on my phone. Useless. Please update and I'll use the app, until then, I'm searching for something that will backup my texts to Gmail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24284:	   please fix the restore process to start from the old to latest messages and calls because after restore i see the very old messages and calls first! thanks and sorry for my bad english!  
com.zegoggles.smssync#24285:	   I backed up all my texts, probably around 19,000 & none of them go back when I press the restore button except for the contact threads but no texts in them? Why is that? They are saved on my email, I can check them there. My IMAP is enabled, why is it not going through? I even changed the settings on the app from XOAuthenified. Please fix!!! I want them restored on my phone again!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24288:	   On KitKat, calls restore just fine but SMS do not. I'm sure an update will fix this small issue. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24292:	   This app used to get a 5 star. After kit Kat, I couldn't get the app to restore my messages I have naked up on my Gmail. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24294:	   TRASH!!!!!Backed up text messages from Nexus 4 to Gmail. Installed this app on new Nexus 5. Attempted to restore SMS, MMS, and call logs to Nexus 5. No SMS/MMS restored at all!!! None! SMS briefly appears then immediately disappears upon use. Tried multiple SMS apps. Won't restore/appear in Hangouts either. If it can't work on a nexus then this app is pathetic. Yes I enabled IMAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24301:	   Nowa days..its not taking backup automatically. I'm doing manually click on backup. Please correct this error. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24302:	  I've had this app for the last few yrs. And since my galaxy note 3 has upgraded the software to 4.4 Gmail sms backup + no longer will restore my sms messages like it would do in the past . It restored my call log n favorites. Please fix this .for Now my review of this app goes back down to a 3 rating. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24305:	   The call log works but the SMS doesn't work at all, I get an empty SMS entry for all of my contacts even when they have never send me a SMS before. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24307:	   It backs up all calls and texts and it has never failed me! I love it!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24309:	  It doesn't work with Kit Kat. Very bad, because I'll have to choose another app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24314:	   Unfortunately the app doesn't seem to have kept itself up-to-date with all the integration points and as such doesn't fluidly function anymore. I used to rely on this app. It was a set once in the background, then forget, kind of app. If WhatsApp backup and the restore problems mentioned by others are rectified, as well as adjusting to be more in line with how modern Android sync-type apps work, then I would restore to 5 stars. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24317:	   Backup was fine. Restore looked like it was working but all it restored was the contact and phone numbers. Useless... hope they come up with a fix ASAP. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24322:	   Please fix this issue! I've noticed many people ate having the same problem. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24324:	   The problem is that it stopped backing up! I dont know what to do,i tried other apps like this one but still nothing work 4 me 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24328:	   Whatsapp msgs not getting backed up in gmail 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24329:	   Batch of 13k+ txt msgs- cnxn failed B4 app did. Love it! HTC Incredible (edit) 2 years & 2 phones later & still the best I've found. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24333:	   I upgraded to new HTC M8 and it shows its restoring my sms but after it finishes, it doesn't show any of my old sms. Please fix. Thanks 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24335:	   Its backing up sms, call log and calender but not whatsapp messages. It has backed up my whatsapp messages previously. I have checked unchecked whatsapp option setting. Still no luck. Can anyone tell me why its not working? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24336:	  The only problem I've noticed is that restored messages are replaced in reverse order 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24341:	   Please fix the restore function for kitkat! I did a factory reset on my phone tonight thinking I could easily restore my messages but I was wrong. They are all still in my gmail but the phone says they are all duplicates when trying to restore so it doesn't bring any of them in. Please fix!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24342:	   I have a Samsung galaxy s4 active and have android kit kat and tried to restore my text messages and it wouldn't work. This app works well on my other phone my HTC one without kit kat. I would have given 5 stars if it worked with kit kat. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24343:	   My Tablet goes crazy this morning, had it bootloop and no options than to restore into factory settings. This app was made from heaven, SMS history is very important to me, and now this app is restoring without a problem. So I'm now sit back and relax, waiting for the restoration to complete.... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24344:	   But it now gives an error periodically on my Samsung Galaxy S4 that I rarely (if ever) saw on my HTC EVO 4G. I'll try to remember to post/submit the exact error message next time I see it. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24345:	   Great one, shame as of apr '14 still won't fully work on kitkat (WhatsApp never even attempts a backup) , but I trust a fix is under work, so keep my 5 stars vote for now :-D 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24346:	   Great app but does not work when restoring sms to kit kat. Hope this is fixed soon and I can recover my backed up messages 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24354:	   Used to work great now won't restore. Says duplicates found and saves as blank messages. Are you working on a fix??? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24356:	   WhatsApp backup no longer work?? It has been quite some time it doesn't sync anymore. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24359:	  Doesn't work 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24362:	  my whtsapp msgs have suddenly stopped getting backedup. the developer should fix this problem. otherwise its a good app 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24363:	   Not working with new Whatsapp version. But is solve this problem with other app.i think developer should include it as part of app. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24364:	   I love this app. I have had it for years. It works fine and backs up everything. I did notice that after whatsapp updated it stoped backing up my whats app conversations. If you could please fix that it would be great. It still backs up my call log and my SMSs 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24366:	   This was such a nice app that could backup even the WhatsApp messages but now it is unable to do so. So please fix the problem. Thank you. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24372:	   I've been a happy user of this app for almost 2 years, and the added support for also saving Whatsapp messages few months back was like cherry on a cake. But since past few days, the backup for Whatsapp isn't working. Any help? Tried on stock as well as cm7.2 roms on Galaxy ace. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24373:	   I've used this for years ... But has stopped working in Kit Kat for restoring ... 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24379:	  Didn't restore properly on galaxy s5.. fix??????? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24394:	   It seems like I can't backup whatsapp anymore. Any known issue about it? 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24397:	   After whatsapp update only whatsapp msgs not getting backed up. Rest is working fine 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24398:	   I Downloaded the stock SMS messaging as I had on My galaxy nexus i9250 and now it won't restore my text to my new nexus 5 Will rerate 5 stars after fixing this 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24401:	   Since the kit kat update this application stopped working. It appears as of messages get synced, but then they are nowhere to be found. I hope the dev can sorry this out since this was my app of choice for this matter. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24403:	   SMS restore does not work on my 4.4 One Max. I hope this gets fixed soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24405:	   New phone HTC m8 will not restore my sms..please fix!! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24408:	   Not compatible with Kit Kat. Please fix this problem, as it deletes all messages as soon as the program is finished restoring. This is very frustrating, I've always enjoyed this app but now i'm very agitated. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24414:	   It was working good b4 but now It says check if IMAP is activated. I uninsalled and re installed it but problem prevails. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24417:	   i was so happy by using this app, because my sms, whats apps chats and calls logs are regularly going in my gmail, but now its not taking my whats app backup, please fix this. for now 3 star 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24420:	   The Whatsapp team changed the name of the db file, which means that SMS Backup won't work after mid March 2014. Go to the Google + page for SMS Backup + where a fix can be found 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24428:	   Just realised that despite the relevant options being selected, my WhatsApp messages have stopped being backed up since 3rd March. Pressing Backup says "There were no items to backup" I also had a previous problem in the past where this app would not obey the backup schedule I set. You need to be able to trust and rely on a backup app and unfortunately I can't trust this one to backup as per my settings. Maybe it's because of KitKat but if so the dev should have planned for this. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24431:	  Not work on 4.4.2 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24433:	   No more issues with your messages 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24434:	   I have an issue...previously i had installed the software on samsung ace now i installed a fresh copy of software on Videocon A55HD but i am getting error message as Error during backup/restore: . IMAP and pop both are enabled on the gmail account I am using same email as i was using on my other set. Please help 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24435:	  Sms restore doesn't work on KitKat 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24436:	   Whats app, Mes and call logs have stopped being updated please come up with a fix soon. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24441:	   This app used to be fantastic for me. But now suddenly I can't use it. It always says cant connect whenever I try to restore or backup. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24444:	   The App is Great, but not restoring the messages after Kitkat update. I took the backup of the messages & upgraded to KitKat. I can't get my old SMSes restored. If I open Messaging during the restoring process, I can see messages coming in, but after restoration get finished all the messages get disappear. I have hangouts disabled so that shouldn't be an issue. I hope this gets fixed soon! 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24448:	   This is a great app, very stable and non-obtrusive. But, just recently the Whatsapp backup is not working. The developer hasn't fixed this in a while. He can offer a paid version, then perhaps he'll fix things quicker. 
com.zegoggles.smssync#24449:	   Very nice app... the auto backup doesnt work for me though... not a big issue in any case... 
