com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140001:	  Sometime you put a number but nothing show up just a message like noting in scheduled after 1h 5 min ( I get this issue today , I was cheking of the line 37 to help somebody ) but after 10 min the bus show up but the application was not able to show. Also the scroll that we use to navigate does work it was like block. Maybe I get satisfied in 2016, because it was easy to use , but for 2017 you can loss two star. Ny 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140004:	  Great app most days, there's the occasional time being WAY off, usually due to driver or traffic issues. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140007:	  Not accurate. This app will report a bus being "2 minutes away" and then suddenly it will pass you on the map (when the bus never came) and jump to being "30 minutes away". The bus icons it supposedly shows in real time are a total farce! Not useful. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140011:	  This app is great!! Very accurate. You'll never miss the bus. I rely on this app and has never failed me yet. What is unnecessary are the notes after the waiting times. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140021:	  Loading and update issues 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140030:	  I like this app but offen it will tell .e communication error. Try again later. Why? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140068:	   This unable is so unusable the is horrible service around town and who ever had the bright idea to make this app good try but maybe do your homework next time. This took forever to download and in another dimension took forever to load one stop. This app is worthless I preferred the texting app this just drains my data and then doesn't work. I'll try to reload again but not looking forward to getting my hopes up. Next time fully check all networks and locations before forcing everyone to use an app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140075:	   I'm in Seattle and if you want an app to tell you that a bus is coming in 10 minutes, and then switch to 25 minutes, and then back to 10, and then back up to 25, and then 2 minutes later for the bus to show up then this is the app for you. It is almost never correct, and you are better off just going to the bus stop without checking this app so you don't get disappointed! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140076:	  Very reliable (usually) bus information. It can't get information on every bus status, but does a reliably good job and helps me ensure I don't miss a bus. They continue to improve the app and I've noticed the accuracy of bus times has improved. It's not 100% accurate and I've had a few times of waiting for a bus that it said was arriving that didn't, but I don't believe those were the fault of the app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140087:	  Update makes it tougher to see order of arrivals. Fixed! Thanks for the prompt response. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140088:	  This has been an invaluable app for getting around Seattle on Metro for years. Latest update (2.1.4) will not run at all for me though. App hangs as soon as it is opened to the map page and displays the error, "OneBusAway has stopped." Cleared cache, uninstalled/reinstalled, rebooted phone. Running on OnePlus One running CynaogenOS (official) v.13.1.2-ZNH2Ka3PO-bacon). Just posting here to notify, will revise rating as soon as there's a fix. Thanks! Update: excellent support from OneBus, changing themes from Hexo resolves this issue. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140092:	   Have recently been having issues in OPO. App won't even load. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140093:	   I have used this app for years and never been disappointed. Living in Seattle, having a reliable app for transit times is important. Recently it stopped working due to a cyanogenmod issue and support was quick and efficient and back up and running. Thanks 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140095:	   Every app can make mistakes most of the people who negatively comment on this app didn't use logic to know that a 20-minute delay could not be accurate 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140096:	   Was good and to the point. With the material design update, it's become totally useless. Stops aren't saved. Saved stops are mixed up. Some of the buses on the route don't show up. I have to re list all my saved stops every time they update the app. Whoever decided this upgrade should be fired. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140097:	   Please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140099:	  Nothing but crashes on latest version. Sent a bug report and hopefully that will get addressed. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140109:	  Used to be very reliable but now it crashes a lot 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140110:	   This app used to work, now it's not working in Gwinnett county. I hate waiting long for the bus. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140118:	   This app is great, by why does the app never can retrieve any info on weekends? It never fails 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140133:	   Mine stopped working for my area two months ago now. I don't know what happened all routes say no bus arrivals. Any else in Puget sound area having this problem? I hope that the updates fix it but so far no good 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140138:	   Seattle Metro/Puget Sound seems to be currently plagued with an inability to load stops more often than not. This is especially annoying when I go between routes to check times, and can't get anything to reconnect. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140145:	  Once again, I updated and it takes me back to the map when I open from my home screen. I ALWAYS want it to take me back to the last screen I was on. Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140148:	   Have never had a problem with it, had it for almost a year now. Great job on the updates, thanks for the hard work. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140151:	   This App worked great then i downloaded the recent update and now it gives me the wrong times,doesn't give real time status like it use to, and also frequently says "unable to give stops" so at times it doesn't work whats the point of an app if it doesn't work. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140158:	   If you regularly use transit in one of the cities it covers, download this app to massively improve your quality of life. ... Now for TL;DR: Every schedule, route, and stop for every King County Metro or Sound Transit vehicle in my pocket. Realtime info on how off-schedule those vehicles are, based on radioed odometer data. All of the above integrated seamlessly with a handy map of the service area. Regular updates, mostly for the hard, thankless task of fixing bugs. It doesn't get better than this, folks. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140160:	  I love the app since I take the bus to work. But this last update has caused a problem with my list of starred stops. The screen only shows the top edge of each line, so I can't read the stop name. I have to click on each and see the actual times in order to see the stop name. Update: sent you a screenshot Update: Developer responded, and the next time they updated the app, my problem was also fixed. I really love this! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140163:	   It was great for 3 months. Now doesn't work. Doesn't give reminders. Bus times ate wrong so i keep missing my buses. I have let the developer know but no improvement. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. Getting rid of it now. Tired of missing buses. Bye 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140177:	  This app, in no way shape or form gives you real bus time.... It can say you have a 35 min wait..and a bus will come 11 mins later ... Or vice versa... Making it extreamly hard to plan trips. Also no matter how many times I try I can NEVER report a problem.It will always instruct me to "try again later because of an error." hit or miss... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140178:	   Updated it to the new style and what not and I can't even open it anymore because it crashes before I can use it and I use this. For everything bus related 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140179:	   Works if you have Internet surrounded by sharing satelites. Not useful to those relying on wifi. Almost accurate timing 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140180:	   Constantly crashing on my S6. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140185:	  For the last week its been showing the bus will show up in 1456 minutes. That isn't correct.. However it shows the correct time below... Please fix this......YES..THAT..FIXED..IT 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140194:	   Thanks for responding! The problem was fixed and I value that you take time to talk to the people relying on this application! I had no idea about the auto time zone configurations. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140209:	   Saved me from getting to work late. Only problem is that their not always right about 5% of all times but their is no blame on that since this app manages well over hundreds of buses a day in 4 different regions 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140224:	   The app use to work fine, but now with the new update, the app can't find my location, and the screen doesn't even move to your location like it use to. Please fix this app or let people reinstall the older version of this app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140229:	   Great UI upgrade, much snappier. A few bugs with routes though. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140239:	   Update is overly complicated, unintuitive and less informative. It wasn't broke. Why 'fix' it? Double duh. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140247:	   4 stars before update. One after. Post-update the app loads slower, lags badly and crashed on me 2x in one attempt to use it. I've used this for about a year but will be trying out competing apps now. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140252:	   I gave up on new version and uninstalled it. Downloaded old version but now have to replace all my settings and reminders. Is there a way to prevent the horrible update from downloading again? Update: I used the download link you offered above. I just checked the app and the update downloaded...again. What can I do to make the update stop downloading? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140257:	   Great app overall; I've used it ever since I moved here with very few glitches. However, this recent update canceled all my reminders and disabled the stop widgets that I use. Weird. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140262:	   Really like the old version and was easier to use. The new update continues to say I am out of range even when I have location set on. It keeps thinking I am in the middle of Africa and have answer dialogue box each time I got into app even though my region is set in app. Please fix. Also there is so many more screens to click through to get to a screen that use to take one or two clicks. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140268:	   Its SOO buggy and by that I mean I can open the app without it closing immediately, so I can't get the info I need. Also the app is extra complicated too use, every time I try too look at a bus route it closes that screen and moves too my current location. I DON'T CARE about my location, thats why I'm leaving there in the first place!!!!!!!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140275:	   Doesn't give accurate information for my route at all! Doesn't even have it listed at my stop I have to use the stop before mine to even see when it's coming but even then it isn't accurate! So frustrating! I've messaged the app with no response or fix... I wish there was another option besides One Bus Away for tracking my bus 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140283:	   Most recent changes made it so very pretty, and user unfriendly. Once took one presd to see a bus list, now, many. Routes at a stop are a star instead of a filter, and is now two and three steps and very slow Someone failed user ease class, never go ten clicks when two will do. Switching to the competition, which are now catching up and number. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140293:	   Nice app but it needs improvements like locations detection and traveling between stations , its ios version works fine but its Android version need lots of bug fixes.. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140295:	   In my home area, sometimes buses are shown to have left when they actually have not arrived. That error can be as much as 30 minutes. Not sure if this problem can be fixed or is limited by the available technology. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140311:	  For a free app the quality and service is amazing. I've noticed it might take a few days for it to update to schedule changes but any bugs or reported errors are fixed very quickly. Keep up the good work! (Sound transit) 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140313:	  Remember those things called Blackberries? The corporate world is full of them. EEN the new phones that are Android compatible are not enjoying onebusaway. Please work on this. With the newer models of Blackberry phones all being android compatible, they are going to used more. We still use metro. Please address issues. My BlackBerry Classic crashes every time I touch a stop icon. It also has issues locating me. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140315:	   Hasn't worked in months. What happened? Is it coming back one day? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140317:	   On many occasions busses have not shown up at the times listed. This has occurred at many bus stop all across Tampa. I am also unable to send error reports. I, ironically, receive error messages when trying to report errors. I am running this app on a OnePlus One phone running Oxygen OS 1.0. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140323:	   Growing steadily unusable and inaccurate as the months go by, this suffers from a growing number of issues. The late or early times are consistently wrong and therefore useless, not to mention duplicated old schedule readings from at the same stop. Buses are cleared when the app deems them as arrived which is not the case literally half the time, preventing people from effectively checking whether they could even still make the bus. Google maps is more effective at routing without even trying. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140326:	   I use this app to know the bus schedule for work but about a week ago it just stopped working and now it just says no arrivals on any bus schedule can u please fix this? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140331:	  It used to always be accurate, but as of lately it tends to have a fail rate of 99.99%. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140335:	   Overall i like the app. But whn there is a problem it will not allow me to report it. I thought it was my phone but ive tried it on 2different once to arrive at the same issue. With the updates i thought it qould get better but there is no change 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140339:	   All the buses just say their -1500 minutes awau, daylight savings messed it up i think, plz fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140342:	   Just keeps giving an error message and won't find any routes 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140345:	   I have a One Plus One phone and Ab H2O connection. Most of the time the app can't find my location 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140348:	   Sometimes I have buses that don't show up at all, when I try to send a report it doesn't send. Keep getting error messages. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140349:	   Still some bugs and some data interpretation, but definitely a must for bus riders 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140351:	   Even when I report a problem on the app the problem still persists! I'm uninstalling this! Goodbye! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140355:	   Realize times come from MARTA, their GPS is terribly inaccurate. Too many ghost buses. Unable to report to you, to report to them as your " report a problem tab" does not connect and apparently neither does your email link in the app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140357:	   This app really gets 4.7 stars from me. It still has a few bugs, but it's very user friendly. It's amazing when u see how many busses are late!!!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140370:	   This app used to be stellar and very helpful for my commute. It seems OBA rested on their laurels and stopped caring about accurate information and their users. The times are incorrect 90% of the time and never reflect delays accurately. Even despite reporting errors through the app, it sends nothing has changed. Look at their customer service! They send the same generic prompt to most 1 star reviews listed here! Don't waste your time with this app, you'll only be frustrated with it. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140373:	   Up until one minute ago, it said that the 28 was going to be 36 minutes late. Now, one minute before the scheduled arrival, it changes to 7 minutes late. This is the usual pattern for all busses at all stops: the ETA is wildly wrong until a couple of minutes before scheduled time. How about when you finally give a reasonable ETA for one stop, you use that to update the rest of the stops on the same route? I tried to submit this through "report a problem", but apparently that doesn't work either. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140376:	   It gives the option to report problems but it never allows you to send the report. Also, on rainy and overcast days dose not displays the right times for the bus. This poor app added to the poor bus service in Tampa makes for a really bad user experience. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140383:	   I thought this app would have a feature where you could enter your address/ destination & be able to see the buses that make stops nearby but it doesn't have such a feature which is HIGHLY disappointing! It makes it very frustrating to use because it asks you for a stop # which Im sure few actually know, I had to access Google Transit to get it. Also it Wont let you report a problem with the trip says its unable to do so 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140386:	  This app is not yet recognizing the San Diego service area. It would register my location but kept giving me an error message that I'm out of the Rogue River service area. I'll try again next month. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140402:	   Bug: in the Starred Stops shortcut, when you search for a route, the search bar completely overlaps the first result. Feature request: let users create categories for starred stops, such as "To Home" and "To Work". The 6 starred stops i have inexplicably rearrange themselves so it would be great to allow users to group stops together. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140409:	  No working atm 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140410:	  It's doesn't work almost every time! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140412:	   I call them Harry Potter buses. The ones that One Bus Away says have passed or are here "NOW" but are not visible at the bus stop to the humans assembled. Not sure what the problem is but accuracy is not this app's forte. 2 stars for getting it right some of the time. Come on. Do better. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140414:	   I use to love this app but now it only gives me the scheduled arrival and scheduled leave times in black in no longer gives up to the min data on if it is on time, late, or early witch has been giving me alot of problems trying to make it to were i need to go on time this is my only s 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140423:	   I love this app. It's not 100%, but it's unrealistic to expect it to be. They make big improvements too: My bus schedule changes depending on if the university is in operation and it used to still show the buses not on the schedule with a scheduled arrival. One Bus Away worked with the transit system and they fixed it so those buses don't show up. It's almost ridiculous how much I rely on this app, it's awesome. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140428:	   Have waited for an hour for this app to download on my android. What's the problem. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140430:	   This app is great if you want to miss your bus and stand there and wait for another 25 minutes. It often says a has left early when it is actually late too. Please fix. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140435:	   This used to be a great app now 90% of the time it just says scheduled arrival in black for just about every bus at every stop. I've reported this problem three times in the last month and nothing has changed 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140438:	  It doesn't work on this android phone! It was WONDERFUL on my windows phone... I used it more than I did the MARTA (Atlanta) app! Now that I have this android phone (Samsung galaxy light), it won't pull up ANY info! NOT HAPPY...I really liked this app! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140442:	   Please fix this and route 143 to downtown Seattle (it's always late)!!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140454:	   Guess I'm lucky enough for my routes being shown as pretty accurate. I've seen some busses being way off as I wait at my bus stop and compare them to the app, but I've never had too much of a problem yet. For someone who has to transfer pretty often, I love the feature to clearly see all of a station's arrivals/departures. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140455:	   It not working and you can only get up to so many buses then have to clear them and it still doesn't work please fix this app i need it to work 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140457:	   I live in Auburn and it won't leave Seattle. I put my address in search and it tells me there is no such address. Funny because when I pull maps up it goes right to me. I'm taking this off. Oh and my wife doesn't have a problem. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140462:	  this app was only good when I first started using it like 5 years ago. I started using it again in the last year and the bus never comes as predicted. the only time the bus comes as predicted is when it actually comes on time. I don't know why I rely on this app and should just get to the bus stop 5 minutes early regardless of what this app says. Tried to send a report and of course got an error, so here's my rating. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140463:	   I have loved this app for ever. Got a new phone and it wont even download now. Fix asap please. I rely on this 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140464:	   I'm not saying it's without defects (which they continue to fix with every update anyways) but this app has made my commute a whole lot easier. It's a game changer! Thank you developers!! 5 stars from this customer :) 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140466:	   The UI is rather anti-intuitive at times, but the real problem is that this app is extremely unreliable. On average it is about 3-4 minutes off, either early or later than actual time, but not consistently off so you can't adjust. Sometimes it says a bus will be 20 minutes late, but it leaves 5 minutes early. Sometimes it says it will leave on time, but the bus is 15 minutes late. You can't even ballpark a general time. The app is right so infrequently that it's useless. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140467:	  Doesn't work, used to work very well but hasn't. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140470:	   DO NOT GET!!!! Can't tell you how many times its claimed my bus came and went without any bus showing up at all. Unreliable and will cause only frustration and make you late. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140474:	   This app is great when it works right. I am given the wrong arrival times off by 4 minutes and it makes me late. Fix this issue please I don't know if it's an android issue or note 4 issue which is the phone I have. Fix please 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140491:	   Don't know what happened, but it's completely off schedule now. Have missed countless buses due to erroneous times posted on this app in the last few weeks. Fix it! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140504:	  I wish I could get the app back I'm having a problem getting it back 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140506:	   Thank you, developers for constantly fixing the issues that the users suggested. Bus arrival accuracy still needs work. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140513:	   Update... timing is always off too....I use this app often and find that some of the stops listed for common routes are inaccurate. If you know the route its ok. If not double check with the transit company website. I'm also disappointed with the problem reporting. I tried to email them about the erroneous stop and got an auto reply saying the email was not monitored and to email another address. Really? Frustrating... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140530:	  Has greatly improved since I first downloaded it! Still has a few issuses that I've noticed but that hasn't stopped this from being a useful and reliable app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140536:	   I use to love this app now every time I try to use it it tells me oops something went wrong try it again it might work I do reinstalled and uninstall it a numerous of times and I'm still getting the say error message I done with 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140541:	   You are being reported to Metro King County for reporting inaccurate time. I relied on your app for accurate time and no more. Because of the app hacker error I missed my Bus ruining my transfer to another bus. You reported schedule was delayed by 39 minutes on multiple times. Because of that I had to find delay time. All of a sudden bus appeared and I missed it. Because of your immature tech people playing games it is going to take me 2 hours to get home. Thank you I am reporting this to 4000 colleagues! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140545:	   This app has been very helpful! And accurate as well. I really love how it updates its schedule information when the transit authorities do. However for two days now the server has been overloaded and I can't see my next bus/train times! HELP! Please fix this soon. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140549:	   this is not user friendly, I find that I have to guess my arrival. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140556:	   Used to like this app. Now it's not accurate, bombs, can't report problem. Ugh. . Looking for a new app to replace this one. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140558:	  It's a little tricky to move from one part of the app to another, especially for finding schedules. But overall this app works very well. **Except the problem reporting functionality us broken and has been for weeks.** 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140559:	   I have had used this app for awhile but recently it is showing not only inaccuracies of the schedules but also the GPS has failed to locate the right locations 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140563:	   Can't send report error 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140571:	   I am giving the app 1 star because I have had a recurring problem with inaccurate info on the bus across the street from my house, and when I tried to send feedback it won't let me send the report. app is fairly useful otherwise but accuracy is hit or miss 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140575:	   How can you report a problem with the bus if you can't actually report the problem? Can got fix this or take the option off. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140580:	  Only issues have been the buses themselves. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140584:	  I've downloaded this app several times now and it never gave me a problem, now it won't download at all it takes keeps buffering. What is the problem? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140585:	   Many alerts AFTER your bus has departed AND HAS SEVERE ISSUES FINDING MY LOCATION ON A Samsung Note 2!!!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140587:	   Estimated arrival time is wrong most of the time and it never let's me send reports for problems. Still cant send reports, fix this and the app will be 5 stars 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140604:	  Great app but please fix where I can't report any of the rides... then I'll give 5 star 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140612:	  Very good application. Had only one problem. You won`t miss the bus again. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140613:	  It was the most helpful app for about 8 months and then randomly stopped working. It can't find my location or any of the stops and bus numbers I try to manually put in. I tried uninstalling and redownloading the app. Not sure what's going on 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140615:	   This simple app has become a part of my weekday commute ritual! Every day when I leave my apartment or the office I open the app and use the favorite stops/routes feature to check when the bus will be there. The data is *usually* really accurate, and when it isn't I'm betting that it's the city bus system's issue and not the app. UI could be slightly more efficient to use for people who take the same route/stop every day - this is why I'm rating it four stars instead of five. Highly recommended! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140623:	   The android version has always been a disappointment but now it can't even find my location. Manual entry of location also not working. So worthless now all I can say is that it is a joke without a laugh. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140649:	   Worse since last review. The app says it covers puget sound. apparently Kitsap isn't part of the sound. Please fix. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140652:	   This app has never failed. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140664:	   This used to be my favorite app, but it no longer shows real time updates for most routes. Apparently this is a problem with Sound Transit, & not the app itself. Without showing real time updates the app is worthless. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140674:	   Used to be so reliable. Now, mostly it shows "scheduled time" instead of actual time. Don't know of this is a problem with the buses or the app but it's annoying. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140690:	   I switched from iPhone to the android but now I'm not sure because the onebusaway app is very different compared to the iPhone. I can't even edit the name of the bus stop I want to keep or have a bookmark place for my stops for me to go back to like the iPhone. I want to keep this android phone, but u need to fix this app to b user friendly like the iPhone. Why is the onebusaway app so different from the iPhone? Isn't the app from the same creators?? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140707:	   So when fix maybe it works fine,but now asking for new update & I can't yet. First update it was saying all buses 1he or more or 80-188 minutes etc All incorrect,but I went by the minutes and not telling me when they are late lately either. I am late for appt & now #32 MLK & Highland 27 minutes late. Is only like 5 or so minutes till next bus,so it makes no sense when is hot or cold out that they are late. I hope I make 7 downtown at corner of MLK & Armenia out from WTC so can get to my appt@ Tampa Bay Blv 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140718:	   I love how this app keeps me up to date with when the bus is suppose to be at a certain stop. I very rarely miss the bus now! Downside, the app does seem to crash now and then. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140739:	   Can't get any stops. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140743:	   You just have to know how to manage the app although it seems like its perfect its not. I notice a couple of bugs in it is far as accuracy. when I leave on time the bus will still sometimes beat me to the bus stop, Yes - while following the time on the app! in other words the time skips a few seconds or whatnot. Other times it's a lifesaver. So it's so so 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140749:	   There is ZERO excuse for an app like this requiring you to grant permission to access your personal photos and videos. Think about it. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140751:	   Bellevue transit center, bay 4 no longer has bus route 535, which runs almost every 30 minutes. Please fix, it used to show up. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140754:	  This app didn't work 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140791:	   The only problem I have with this app is that it doesn't recognize holidays and therefore never has the right bus schedules. That always ruins my day getting to work. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140803:	   This app used to be great but then it started being wrong in both times and bus stops. Whatever you guys did, you messed up bad. Fix it or disable it so future generations don't end with a poorly put together app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140805:	   If you understand that sometimes the arrival times are wrong simply because of garbage-in-garbage out, this is usually a helpful ESTIMATE of your bus' arrival time. A few bug fixes lately, but they're not fixing reported and obvious route errors. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140809:	   Does not work on Sunday. It keeps saying no bus in next 35 minutes and it's wrong. I love it otherwise. Fix Sundays please 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140815:	  A few bugs... Other wise a great app 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140818:	   This used to be pretty good, but it doesn't work anymore. Every time I've used it lately, it gives me totally wrong info. E.g., buses that "arrive" and "depart" without ever appearing at the stop. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140827:	   The title says it all... This app seems to become less and less accurate as the days pass. And that's not a good thing when you're trying to get to and from work. Fix it 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140832:	   Useless on holidays guy on phone says app dose not work on holidays due to Sunday schedule on holidays 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140847:	   More of a bug report. Ever since a few days ago the sounder busses stopped being reported. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140858:	   Gave it a shot, but its departure times were straight up wrong. Watched a bus go by that it said wasn't due for 15 minutes; another bus that was supposed to be there came 10 minutes later. Compared it against the published times (it just uses scheduled times, not actual times) and saw it had the wrong info. Pretty basic fail. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140862:	    few bugs but not enough to make it unusable. I like it good for getting around on the bus in a city you don't know the bus routes in. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140875:	  Usually works great, but for the past few days I've been getting an" emergency maintenance oops something went wrong" notice and it is bot working at all. When it does work though it's great,hope this issue is fixed soon. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140876:	  This app sucks it keeps saying oops something g went wrong and not loading until I refresh the page like 4 times 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140884:	   I would give this app 5 stars but the only problem I have is with the schedule for .. Everytime I try to see when the next one is coming in either direction it says "No scheduled arrivals for the next 35 minutes" or sometimes it's more.. Other than that it works great for the buses.. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140891:	   It stopped being able to pull up the stops. It's not even in just area but everywhere. Please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140892:	   Installed it and it worked fine for a few months but now since February all i get is unable to locate stop. I uninstalled and downloaded again but it didnt help. Please get it fixed or tell me what i need to do. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140893:	   When i woke up this morning it's not loading. I've even uninstalled it and installed it again.. Still not working. I love this app. Please fix!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140895:	  This app is great for all those times you're sitting at the bus stop wondering when that bus will finally get here. The alarm feature also lets me wait until the last minute to go to the bus stop, and helps remind me to watch out for my stop on long bus rides. I've only noticed problems with accuracy during severe weather. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140910:	   One of my two bus stops, and the southbound routes for my favorite buses are gone - making the app worthless in the morning (when I need it the most). Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140913:	   This app has been amazing since day 1. Had sent in a comment about a missing route that I regularly use and was personally written back and the issue was promptly fixed. Thanks guys! Great app 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140915:	   extremely useful, but extremely crash prone - will reboot my phone sometimes, when changing menus. I still use the app many times daily and it makes my life tons easier, but the crashing is very annoying. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140928:	   A few temp malfunctions occasionally but otherwise better with each upgrade. Any problems may result from heavy I-traffic. Use it much. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140952:	   When I go on that app, it's not showing stop! Please fix this and then I'll give three stars back! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140953:	   Every time I search a stop, it won't work. It's saying unable to locate that stop. I've had 0 problems with this app until today. Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140961:	   I wrote a review a while back in September that I accidentally deleted when I went to update it today (January). This app, while useful, still has the very annoying feature that it often crashes my phone when I click the back button on the 'list of coming buses' page for a given bus stop. It restarts the entire phone, so there is no opportunity to submit a bug report. None of the app updates have fixed this issue, at least not permanently. While the crashes are ultimately just an inconvenience, if Google ever implements decent real-time bus tracking in Google Maps for Seattle, I don't think I would keep using this app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140965:	   This is missing times on the 555 bus. I have already submitted a bug but I have not heard back from them. Also a better widget would be very useful. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#140989:	   I rely on one bus away for my every day travels. Not once has it failed me. Thank you one bus away team! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141012:	   This app was not updated for holiday times, specifically New Years Day for us. That affected more than you know in our lives, including miscommunication among people and an elderly disabled woman picking someone up because no more on time buses were thought to come. And I tried to send as report but it said error and wouldn't send. So now I'm posting for all to see. So much for relying on lame apps like this one! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141014:	   I'm not getting real-time bus information. I can be at a stop and watch it go from saying the bus will be there in 4 minutes, to 2, to NOW, to -2, while no bus comes. I realize that "your bus will be there in 4 minutes" is partly a guess, because traffic and other things happen, but "the bus is at your stop now" and "it left 2 minutes ago" are factual statements that are either true or false. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141029:	   Small problem for the devs to fix: The app treats reduced weekday schedule days as a holiday so is useless for real time info. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141039:	   Can't view the route on a map? One you have the route selected, can't access expected arrival times for each stop? I'm sure I'll only continue to find more limitations with this app as I continue to use it since I've only had the app for a couple hours after switching to android from iPhone yesterday. But this app is still better than the awful metro website. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141052:	   One bus away Toooo many bus circles.and really can't find anything the right bus 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141062:	   Terrible ...doesn't even work half the time anymore and its inaccurate....please fix it! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141075:	   the app started to display completely wrong depart time for 164. one star until this is fixed. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141083:	   I would have given this app a solid 5 stars a few weeks ago. Now, however, even after updating, it is regularly unable to find my location, unable to locate stops... and when it does, it is wildly inaccurate. Lots of "ghost buses" or ridiculous arrival times (300 minutes to next bus!), and often it is miles away from my actual location when it finally "finds" me. I still gave it 3 stars because, despite these problems, it is still indespensible (and free). 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141085:	   Last week this app stopped working on my Galaxy S2. It can never find my location. When I reinstalled, it insisted I am in a different city in another state. Poor doesn't come close. There should be a negative rating for apps that actually harm you. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141092:	   I went out of town and the app wanted to put me in Atlanta when I got back. It kept sending the message about "trying to get a fix on your location". The solution was to click on Menu and select Preferences. I unchecked the Automatic Region option and manually selected my region. It's working now again. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141095:	   This app works like a charm. It's saved me lots of time particularly when the bus is late, or gets me hurrying when the bus is even early! Only reliability issue is that when routes change I don't think these guys are the first to hear about it, but they still change it pretty fast. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141097:	   I've been a fan, but yesterday it stopped working on my Galaxy. It says 'trying to get a fix on your location,' but never does. I even uninstalled then reinstalled. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141100:	   I cant go out without shecking this app!! Very good, very useful. One problem, it can be a little inaccurate sometimes!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141111:	   You need to fix some of these problems like saying exactly what time the bus is going to be it always says its a few minutes before the bus comes or after it has already came 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141116:	   This app works great for weekdays, and would earn 4 stars for that. However, minus 2 stars for not working on weekends or holidays. It is completely inaccurate and still runs the weekday schedules for the busses. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141144:	   Never works never can get a fix on my location worst app ever 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141148:	   I have never had a problem with this app works great ty... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141176:	   Seemed to work fairly well when I first installed it. Since, I have seen many imaginary buses go by and many routes not listed at actual stops. Both problems continue to get worse. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141185:	   This app works most of the time but not often enough to rely on when it really counts. When I am in a rush, it is no help when it won't load stops. When I am at a busy stop the times for upcoming buses have nothing to do with reality. Great idea, bad execution. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141190:	   Very inaccurate at the start of a route, i.e. 20 min late, not showing up on schedule, then notify after "it has departed." It didn't used to be like this. Please fix. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141195:	   The most recent update sucks. I can't like half of the stuff on my news feed cause the like button doesnt work. Fix it! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141198:	   Usually pretty reliable, but it's been giving false reports of bus arrivals at a couple of my usual stops in downtown Seattle. Fix, please. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141199:	   You can use this to find out when the next bus will arrive at your stop, but you can't use it to find how how to get to a particular destination. You have to go to KC Metro web site to do that, and that site isn't mobile device friendly. So its a disgrace for a so-called high tech city like Seattle is supposed to be. Shame! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141220:	   This app is essential in navigating Seattle's bus system. When Metro's geo-location system is working at top form, this app gives very accurate info for when and where your next bus is. If the app cannot access Metro's geo-location system it will show you only scheduled times, but this is not the fault of the app, and is actually better than just saying, "data not available", as earlier versions did. Constantly improving with each update and glitches are quickly fixed. This is my most used app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141225:	   This app needs work you can't get the bus stops to show up. The settings suck you cant put your location in unless you live in Washington. Would be a great app if the developer can fix these problems! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141240:	   Worth it at any price. Busses changed time tables and app broke, developer had it fixed within a week. This is a Must Have app in Seattle. 6****** 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141242:	   When I am on the map view of this app sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. It usually tends to find me and show the routes for all of 5 secs then grows blank. Needs to be fixed asap. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141246:	   There are only a few issues (as others have said, stop times are sometimes wrong, and the location feature can be iffy and annoying) and as someone who soends four hours bussing all around king county every day, this apl is a total timesaver. Gone are the days of waiting 45 minutes for a 358 to show and just up and pass me by! Keep up the awesome work, and thank you. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141262:	   Whenever I start the app, it tries to get a fix and it can't pick it up. Ever. Not getting accurate times or none at all 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141272:	   Bus route I can see right next to me don't show up on the app, search routes doesn't work, inaccurate times. Useless 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141297:	   I guess I could understand if 1 bus never came but 2?? Come on.. people actually use this as a serious reference. And it had an error when I tried to report a bus schedule. I'm actually very unhappy here.. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141305:	   The timetable for the 75 bus is constantly incorrect. It used to work just fine but now for some reason is off. Fix it! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141311:	    is all over the place. I click on "express" bus line, but it gives me information combined both express and regular. This becomes an issue when I try to go to a place I don't usually go. Once I was dropped off 10 blocks away from where I wanted to be because of this issue. It needs to be either unique bus route for it or bus stops marked with "e" or color differentiated? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141314:	   Fixed and working wonders! Love it! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141315:	   I know my phone is kinds old (samsung galaxy s), but after the updates my alerts are all not working. I even reset them and still nothing. Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141322:	   App is fixed AND updated with the new routes! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141329:	   Love it except update crashes constantly... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141335:	   The app has gone from working fine to force closing whenever I try and do anything (find location, look up one of my stops, etc). PLEASE FIX!! I really like this app but the new update has made it unusable. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141341:	   The previous version worked. The upgrade does not. Doesn't load common stops or recognize busses that stop there. Can no longer rely on this app to catch the bus. Disappointing! Used this for commuting to work instead of driving. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141366:	   this app is so useful when it works. However it often has issues . My biggest issue though is that it doesn't factor holidays at all. I've spent time waiting at a stop as it said it was coming then went into negative time. Only to find the bus was never going to come... a huge flaw for an app like this 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141369:	   Used to be good but accuracy has gone way down. Buses reach the stop minutes after the app says they have left and viceversa. Please fix, I really want to use this app again. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141377:	   Ever since the update I've experienced nothing but missed buses and headaches know I don't even know what to believe fix and maybe I'll start using again. I thought updates were good things?... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141383:	   I really do love this app but recently its been very inaccurate. Please fix, without atleast some accuracy its worthless. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141387:	   Great app, been using since it came out. Only had problems last year after a Mariners game and the bus was one minute away for an hour but other than that...love it! Update is great!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141392:	   I am upgrading my previous 1 star rating ... This ap has been fixed and now is smooth!!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141394:	   After update I'm having a lot of issues finding routes and times. I am sure dev will fix. Has been a life saver of an app! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141403:	   problem gettin stops keeps poppin up cant load...alsoNeed to add diffenvet co for buses going north aNd south . t 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141405:	   Cannot find hubs or stops, constant force close prob. Doesn't show any Metro busses in Seattle. Uninstall Sensation. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141406:	   Problem loading stops for SEATTLE METRO. Worked great till about 6hrs ago?? Please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141420:	   Since the update, this app sucks. Always crashing and losing route/stop info. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141422:	   Does not work in my city in the uk 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141437:	   I have been using this Awesome Application for months now. I have never had any issues its very very accurate. I can schedule a long, multi bus trip with ease. The new UI looks great, can't wait to try it out. I would recommend this app above all else. It makes riding a bus so easy and I dont have to lug around a bunch of messy trip schedules and go by the out dated times on the outside of the bus stop. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141454:	   My favorite app , I love it and use it the most . Only failed me a couple times but more accurate then the bus schedual. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141460:	   Great app. Always accurate I rely on this app all the time and it never fails me 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141461:	   Now has the option to report problems with a specific bus...something sorely missing from the previous version. Thank you! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141477:	   Sometimes during peak hours in seattle it won't load bus stops... Gets kind of annoying. Any other time works great 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141479:	  Doesn't work anymore 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141511:	   If you ride the bus and don't want to miss it, this is the app for you. Of course there are problems sometimes but it works 90% of the time. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141514:	   But now doesn't give me any predicted times for my stops. It always just shows the scheduled arrival time...which is useless. I can look at the sign and father that much information. Please fix whatever you did that made this application stop working!! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141523:	   The only serious problems I've ever had are rooted in GPS issues that aren't the apps' fault. The only thing I'd change is to add the ability to search by intersection -- if the option exists currently I haven't been able to find it. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141545:	   I give it 3 stars because its right like 60% of the time. But there are time like right now when its saying the bus already departed and I've been at this stop like 20minutes and the def didn't come. So please fix this? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141551:	   It work at first now it tells me the bus is a few mins away never comes at the time it says antmore... Need to fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141552:	   This APP was once a lifesaver. Alas, now it has become nothing but a liability in traveling. So much so that I deleted it & occasionally come back to the reviews page to see if it's received the MUCH NEEDED overall it needs. Please...PLEASE fix this! It's amazingly useful to all who rely on PT in the area. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141555:	   I Love this app. Has issues sometimes with schedules. App reboots then it's fine 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141572:	   The app isn't working anymore probably due to the outage in the North parts of Seattle so it'll probably be fixed soon but overall I love this app never is wrong on time or anything 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141574:	   Stopped working. Is completely useless. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141575:	   Bullshit app always wrong!!! Won't work tells notimes at all horrible app 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141580:	   It just stopped working today...so annoying :/ 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141581:	   Usually my app works so well I love it. Just now it suddenly stopped showing me any bud stops. It knows I'm in Seattle but doesn't seem to read any bus routes in Seattle. I even did a route search and still nothing. It says my links may be out of date, so I uninstalled then installed the app again. Still nothing! I hope this is fixed by tomorrow. This app helps me catch so many buses on time! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141586:	   Hey guys, what happened? The app used to be rock solid and now it doesn't work! We need a bug fix! Thanks :) 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141588:	  App is good. However, no update new schedule.nNot accurate time? It's depend on where data transmitters are. Not this app's problems. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141592:	   Sometimes OBA is completely accurate. Sometimes it shows the bus as 20 minutes late, as the bus shows up right in front of me, on time. The travel direction indicated for some stops is wrong. Not sure where the problem is, on your end or the transit company supplying the route data, but either way it can be frustrating. It would be extremely helpful if OBA could show transit alerts, such as when busses are on re-route, or outright canceled due to inclement weather, etc. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141594:	   Errors out before it loads. UNINSTALL! Great app though. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141598:	   Needs trip planner. And app said i missed the bus when it really came 10 min later. Fix bus times 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141616:	   In general, I think this is a useful app, and I use it all the time. It's quite accurate most of the time, but occasionally buses never show up or the schedule is way off, which is likely not a problem with the app, but from the data feed they receive. My biggest complaint with the app is that it splits many routes into sections, so it only displays part of the route. This is even the case when the route number doesn't change. When it displays the route, it shows it come to end at some point, when in reality it continues. The app knows this information, because under 'Show route information' it will show the route broken up into sections, but you can't display it that way, and you have to dig around to even find that much. The iPhone version has a way to display the other section, but you have to scroll to the bottom of the list of stops. Not at all obvious. The interface is very confusing. It's much better on the iPhone. I find myself constantly clicking around trying to figure out how to get the information I'm looking for. The iPhone version is much more intuitive. A complete UI overhaul is needed, but the core functionality is good. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141633:	   Used to love this app, until it just up and deleted my stop serving 8 routes! I've emailed details of the problem, to no avail. Ugh. So frustrating. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141664:	   The app is correct 99% of the time,but i am part of the one percent that it fails with.Metro needs to add gps on the buses so this app has good data.. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141669:	   Never right, please fix it. Other than this, it's all fine. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141670:	  It's been pretty accurate for me, and I haven't had any glichy issues with it on my droid 3. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141683:	   Bus times are suddenly way off. Please fix. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141685:	   Love this app but the routes on the new Rapid Ride B line in Bellevue are not showing up. This is a new route that started 10/1/11. Please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141688:	   Always says scheduled arrival. Not tracking busses. FIX IT FIX IT! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141691:	   Love this app... It is on the dot every time... The few ppl having issues probably have slow phones or sumthin... Sux to be u lol 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141699:	  When it's launched, it directs me to my gps settings. Won't open. Using HTC mytouch slide 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141703:	   I get a lot more cases of "ghost" buses lately. The app will say a bus has come & gone when no buses have gone by the stop at all. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141715:	  Dis mornin had no issues, but when tried 2 see bout afternoon bus, all my routes didn't work & couldn't find any buses... Un/Reinstall fixed problem.. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141716:	  I'm having the same problem as others as of this morning. No stops or routes exist. Is a web service down or an API changed? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141717:	  Hasn't worked in 2 days! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141718:	  Same with me Today it won't find my stops or routes and won't even show clickable stop icons on map. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141739:	  Not 100% accurate but close enough so that I use it almost everyday! Frustrating bug this week made me realize I love this ap, developers v responsive 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141760:	  Been having a lot of communication errors lately. T-mobile Samsung Galaxy Vibrant 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141775:	  Had a lot of problems when first dl'd, but now is very accurate once I go straight to my stops 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141786:	  I'd say it's 95% accurate...IF it'll connect. It doesn't find eastside buses as well as it does those along the I-5 corridor. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141796:	  Use metro daily. Sucks i still have to use google maps to get directions, but this app is 95% accurate the biggest problem was with the snow. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141802:	   This is app is wonderful, but it only works 75% of the time. I don't know if it is an issue with Metro or with the development of the app, but don't rely on it. Use it for timetable information only. The live times are not accurate in West Seattle. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141814:	  did app get an update cuz Ihad 2 reinstall on new phone & times r off...used 2 b on point...might have 2 uninstall if not fixd*SrRy:( 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141848:	  It's not their fault OBA isn't working. Metro changed the backend. Now gps-based, rather than radio-based tracking. Give the volunteers a break. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141850:	  What happened? The app stopped working. It won't connect to location services. OTOH, Google Maps works fine. This is a must have app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141851:	  I love this but what's up with it not working anymore. Please fix the bugs. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141855:	  Love it. Can't live without it. Some issues with accuracy, tho. T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141857:	  Cannot find any route. Please fix, I love this ap! Droid 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141859:	  Please fix this app. It is no longer reliable and keeps randomly going off line. Also none of my favorite stops work any more. Used to be amazing... 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141860:	  Something is awry. Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141861:	  Completely stopped working. Before the bug, it was a lifesaver 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141863:	  Been using it since I got my Evo... but doesn't anymore what's the deal please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141864:	  Saved my life until today when it stopped working. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141865:	  Like they all said, the latest update is a bug in and of itself. No longer recognizes my routes or stops. Please fix! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141868:	  What happened to my route. After I updated my route is no longer available. Please fix, worked great before 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141869:	  Would give it 4 maybe 5 stars if it would show my route ! It was showing my route a few days ago but now no more ! Real lame ! Please fix ASAP !! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141905:	  I would give it 5 * if they fixed the arrivals problem. It won't give the times for certain buses. The problem just started a couple weeks ago (9/10). 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141907:	  UI for tiny thumbs. Problems switching between WiFi and 3g. Need way of saving filter sets, or even 1 so show all doesn't wipe the filter. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141909:	  Usually reliable, but today doesnt think any busses are arriving at my transit center. (Ash way) Fix and 5 stars. Moto droid 2.2 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141915:	  Good, though I don't get much more use from this than the website. Suggest clearer UI, ability to add stop shortcuts from the app. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141942:	  Wouldn't work on my Evo (2.2). The app terminated with an error upon startup. Retried the installation to no avail. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141948:	  Umm is onebusaway broken today. Not working at all 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141980:	  recent update doesnt iclude 545E... anyone else have this problem? droid 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141981:	  Bus time is not showing up. Please fix 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141982:	  New update messed up the bus schedules. It won't show anything! Please fix or I'm uninstalling. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141988:	  re-install cleared a lot of problems I had from simply "upgrading" 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#141989:	  Would be better if it didn't run constantly and kill my battery. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142004:	  Opens automatically in the background for some reason, I've had to use taskiller to kill it several times, can this be fixed, please? 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142025:	  Awesome. Most useful app ever. You can even make shortcuts on your homescreen for the stops used most 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142046:	  Great app, but the data isn't always reliable. Needs a way to report data errors. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142086:	  Absolutely awesome, I have my stop as a shortcut and it hasn't failed me once! 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142112:	  Excellent and straightforward. My Location tends to be way off, but I think that's a hardware issue. 
com.joulespersecond.seattlebusbot#142120:	  Great, but shortcuts from home screen don't work if the app is already open 
