com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90029:	  Had to reinstall but cant connect to trakt and now i camt access anything pls fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90033:	  does not sync tv shows with trakt and overcomplicated for what it is supposed to do. you get lost in pages opening in pages. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90036:	  It doesn't sync between devices, meaning that my Trakt reflects no changes, which makes it significantly less effective. I have to manually correct my progress continually. I subscribe to X pass, but I really don't know why. I am definitely annoyed with having to remember where I am in a series to manage the app, when the app is supposed to help to manage remembering where I am in a series, especially after not watching a particular series for months or years at a time. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90038:	  For people that love watching TV series, this app is necessary companion. It looks amazing, everything has been kept up to meet Google's design guidelines, swiping is superbly implemented and the app performs without any issues. Support by the developer is also great. Definitely one of the best apps on the whole Play Store 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90043:	  Doesn't get enough credit, amazing app! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90101:	  I schedule my entire TV watching using this. Seriously, for any TV fanatic it's a dream. Easy to use. Easy to read. Never had a single problem in 9 months of use. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90105:	  I wish the integration with trakt was more seamless. I mean it doesn't sync ur watchlist automatically, u have to add the show manually in the app after adding it to ur watchlist in trakt. Also, the app doesn't always reflect changes made on trakt. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90106:	  I've been using this app for a year, and it's quite useful. But I don't rate it with 5 stars, because several series are not updated (like agents of shield, arrow, designated survivor, and others). Please fix it. Thanks 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90147:	  Pretty cool. Only use it for tract.tv (which I HIGHLY RECOMMEND). Once integrated it helps me keep track of my next episodes and new shows I don't want to forget. I am a heavy user of Kodi, and with tract on the and in the app, it is very helpful. There are some anomalies with sync, but I haven't used it enough to elaborate further. Once I get to the bottom of it (could be user error), I will gladly bump to 5 star 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90149:	  Works great, Never have any problems 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90151:	  Some reason having some issues with syncing with trak.tv and some shows won't show proper info. Like lethal weapon shows wrong info 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90161:	  Can't access existing list 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90163:	   Suddenly the grand tour disappeared from my watch list. No fix.... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90175:	   All the updates which i don't get from Google are available here 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90177:	  Why are some shows not getting episodes updated? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90180:	   It has problems updating the cover photo of the shows and the release date. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90238:	   Very useful, configurable, and easy to use. Use it constantly to track the shows I watch. Unfortunately, I can't find at least one of the U.S. summer shows. Hope they get added soon. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90241:	  The app is not auto updating anymore but with manual update it works fix this and I give you guys 5 stars! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90270:	   As far as functionality goes it has everything you would need. However there are occasionally some syncing issues with trakt. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90287:	   Constantly misses shows I've already watched on Trakt, doesn't sync my watch list, has its own separate watch list? It's a fine app by itself but the poor sync capabilities won't work for me. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90288:	   Still Pretty perfect, only a handful full of tiny tiny issues 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90293:	   Previous review complained that it didn't sync between devices. It does. I feel like there is something else I wish it did, but I can't think of what it would be 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90295:	   There is only one issue i found, tought. It doesn't show the Saint Seiya - Lost Canvas in my list, even if i try to add it again, it will say "Saint Seiya will appear on your shows list shortly" and never does. Also, the Saint Seiya - Hades OVAs are nowhere to be found. I hope it gets fixed/added soon. Aside of that, it's a very good app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90333:	   I like SeriesGuide and I recognise it has gotten better lately, but I still miss the automatic show sync-ing across my two devices. It sucks that when I start "following" a slow on my tablet, it doesn't get tracked by my phone. I've of course linked both to my Trackt account! Still, takes sometimes forever to set an episode to "watched", then fails, fails to add shows to the watchlist... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90400:	   Awesome guide don't get lost no more 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90426:	   Best app hands down. If I could give half star I would have just because with the latest ver 7.0.1 the app no longer closes properly when I press the back button or leave it. I still see it in my notification panel and have to force stop. Please fix!! Also it would be nice if possible to see duration of shows and movies displayed when your in your list, to me seeing date, name, favorite, and channel is great but it's missing duration. No idea if it's possible but just something I think would be nice to have 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90449:	   The widget it's not working. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90483:	   Occasionally fails syncing w trakt and doesn't allow an update of episode seen. I couldnt care less if it can't update , show me the update in this app w an asterisk to update w trakt later. Other than this, great app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90484:	  It doesn't update descriptions as episodes have aired even. I'd just like this fixed 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90495:	   Facing problems like can't connect to trakt and talk to you later.. Kind of annoying 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90505:	   Love the app, helps me track all the series I'm watching. Always up to date. I can always find a new TV series, never had any issues. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90527:	   I can't watch the movies or TV series that I listed on my list it doesn't work how can I watch pls. Help me??? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90529:	  An amazing app but I can't add any showes when I'm on wifi so until it gets fixed I'm only giving 3 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90534:	   I use it everyday to know what episodes I've seen and not seen since my DVR regularly misses things. I only have one problem with a series missing from my list. I think it might have to do with 2 shows of the same name being added and removing one. Can't fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90541:	   Keeps me in track with my hundreds of tv series. Could not live without it. It would be great if the widget worked like the app and didn't remove episodes until they were ticked watched instead of removing them once the air date/time passed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90547:	   Love this app. Only one that isn't just plain stupid. Lately it won't stop syncing, which is just a little bit annoying. Could be me I guess, but this is a brand new phone, never had the issue on the old and busted. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90557:	   Sometimes the show is shown to be added to watchlist but is not displayed. Kindly solve this issue for galaxy note 2 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90582:	  Doesn't sync with trakt.tv anymore :-( 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90587:	   When i am trying to add a new show to the show list it doesn't work 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90617:	   Thoroughly enjoying this app. Although I haven't used all of the features (or probably ever will) it is a wonderful tool; keeping track of my shows and checking out others I don't have. Just wish it had DVD information for each episode. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90631:	  This is the perfect way to keep track of what you have or haven't watched. I still haven't figured out how to fix the time for us not in the USA. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90668:	   Simple and easy you can keep track of episodes from your TV series. A lot of options available.best of its kind. But currently the cloud service doesn't work!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90768:	   It helps me to keep track of the numerous series that I watch. The only problem I find is the search function. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90773:	   Exrtremly good app, until 2 months ago, when was the last update. Now, just 1/4 of the shows appear at the uppcoming section, like the others just disapear. If I didn'd understood if I need the payed app just to see all the show's I'm very sorry, if not deserve lower than one star. Solve this problem and I'll change it to 5 star's as it deserves. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90776:	   A TV addict's dream. Love this app. Never have any issues with it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90783:	  i have bought the full version of the app... but it doesn't seems to work... every time i want to restore my shows ... it just shows error... poor website... i hoped they should do something cloud base to manage the lists and shows well... not using until the app is cloud based either using Facebook or google account. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90813:	   I've been using series guide for 4 years and it's probably my favorite app. I am a self confessed series addict who follows 20+ shows at a time and is constantly on the lookout for the latest episodes and the newest shows. The fact that it let's you tick off what you've watched and sync with trakt is awesome for keeping track of where you left off. It also tells you when a series has ended and when it's continuing. The show recommendations are a cool tool as well. App works like a charm - never failed me. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90819:	   Before I got this app I'd constantly forget which episode I was up to in a TV show. Series guide solves that problem and also lets me know when new episodes come out! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90830:	   No operational issues but the new Now tab is a dud. I used to live on the Recent, Upcoming, and History tabs. Not anymore. The Now and Upcoming tabs show the same info for today's date. Why? Guess I'll go back to the trakt.tv website. =o( 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90836:	   For some reason I am unable to add new shows. Faced this issue only in the latest update. Please address this glitch in an overall great app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90838:	   I can't connect to trakt anymore. When I enter my username and password, an error page appears... Please help 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90867:	  I found SeriesGuide to be the overall best app for tracking my series progress. The only issue I have with it is restoring backups. when i replace phones I've never been able to restore from .json files. I saved an earlier backup on cloud storage as well as the download folder but I always get the prompt "Restoring the backup failes". Thanks for the help. If backup function works (or the cloud sync feature) this app is easily worth 5 stars :) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90881:	   Works really well, the only problem I've had is some times the wrong 'next episode' shows up, but that's to do with the airing dates/metadata and not the actual app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90910:	  There's a big problem with taking back ups. Either you should take them manually and restore it with a fine. Or you could back it up to cloud but it won't automatically restore from the cloud... Again it's manual. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90925:	   There seems to a problem with adding new shows. Could you please look into it. I'm using Nexus 6 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90945:	  Never had an issue. Has every show 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90955:	   Finally I have an app that can quickly organise my shows and Movies that I watch. Its seamless intergration with Trakt is awesome so it means I rarely have to tick off anything in the app, its all done automatically. There are few times where my ratings on trakt wouldn't sync but overall a great app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90961:	   Trakt.tv sync not working. Please correct 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90965:	   Does not sync with trakt account 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#90967:	   Very good app, helps me keep track of all my shows, and always functions. The only issue is the lack of proper backup and transfer, how you still can do it manually. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91008:	   I really haven't had any issues with Series Guide as it works so well. It's great to remember where I am in series that I'm watching as well as telling me that the next episode of the shows that's Im watching are out 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91012:	  Awesome. Except there is no sync between devices 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91024:	   This app used to rock, but lately it hasn't been updating. It can't find new episodes of popular shows like game of thrones, suits, sherlock. Am I doing something wrong? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91034:	   Overall a super app, but it FC's all the time in android N preview. I don't expect it to work right away, but just so you know, it's not runnable on N. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91066:	   Been using the app for years and it's never failed me. Love the features. I recommend this to all my friends. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91067:	   Whithout any bug, this app works perfectly. Thanks to the developers 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91142:	   Have been using this for more than a year. It's quite helpful to keep track of series and pending episodes. I don't use the social aspect of the app so cannot comment on that. I have see d the evolution of the app and it has followed Android design guidelines since the past year. The UX has been simple and intuitive. One drawback is when you click a having seen an episode there is a lag in response. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91167:	   Love this app for tracking all the shows that I follow. Too bad that it won't sync across devices though. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91198:	   Can't find anything as good as this on the App Store either. Please build and publish one on the app store! My iPad will &lt;3 you for it! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91229:	  Whoever came up with this idea is a genius. Use this constantly, makes an annoying problem a breeze and quite fun! Had some issues updating movie lists (lost some) but otherwise no complaints! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91308:	  Recently it was not possible to add any shows to my list. Please fix the problem. I have even updated to the latest version. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91331:	   I always rely in this App for tracking down my fav TV series and I love it!!! It never fails! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91337:	  Best app to track shows! Does not port from phone as there are no user accounts though. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91365:	   It's a great application, never failed me. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91381:	   My experience with it so far has been a delight I haven't had any problem whatsoever I'm loving it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91407:	   Guys, seriously now, you screw the app up everytime you launch a new update. Now, every text in the app is backwards, like in a mirror. Its a great app otherwise, but those updates really upset users Iike myself. ------- Thank you for fixing the app so quickly. All the best! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91422:	   Does just what I need it to do. Developer is very active in fixing the few bugs and providing new features. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91428:	   Had this app for about a year and a half, maybe 2, never had a problem with it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91444:	  It doesn't sync correctly with trakt since last update 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91463:	   Error 'could not connect to traxt' always popup after updated the app. So, I cannot update the tv shows episodes and the posters dont appear for some of the series which previously were there. Please fix. Apart from that, awesome app!  
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91536:	   Keeps track of all my shows and let's me know where I left off. Have been using it for a long time without any problems. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91548:	   The best TV show and Movie guide and scheduler! I've been using it for a while now and the app has never disappointed me. Regular updates fix the small problems, and help the app run better. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91571:	   Wish you could enable cloud backups e.g. Google drive sync, Dropbox sync, etc. I always lose my backups when I fix my phone. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91577:	   I can't find some titles 4 Series, add more titles for series and I'll give it 5 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91608:	   Problems 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91609:	   Please fix. Its showing seasons as already complete/ended when its actually still on going. Its messing with my tracking,might uninstall if not fixed as this issue defeats the purpose of the app / edit: Hi Uwe, an example would be the episodes in the Flash for the second season. Its shows that there are only 21 episodes but its actually 23. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91624:	   There seems to be a problem with the episode numbering. For example, in the it shows that Game of Thrones has only 5 episodes, but the series has upto 10 episodes as the 6th episode was aired 2 days ago. This app is definite 5 star if this problem will be fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91625:	   Good idea, but doesn't work in the long run. I downloaded series guide, linked it to trakt and saved loads of stuff. Then I had to reset my tablet, logged back into the app and everything was gone. You'd think the lists would save to online, not the tablet. I'll be deleting this app now which is a shame as it had good potential. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91632:	   Doesn't show the upcoming shows or recent. Connecting to trakt account does not help because you still have to add all shows manually. Great concept but doesn't work for me 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91633:	   It seems like there was some problems lately. Sometimes I check for an episode and it only shows "There is no description translated to English..." but when I checked yesterday everything was nornal and the description was still there. This is still a good free app at all. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91646:	   After the latest update can't add new series.... Fix this please.. Five stars after fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91655:	   The app was more than awesome like a month ago. But now it doesn't get updated. AT ALL. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91668:	   Though the Pro version of this app is pricey, I went for it. I actually don't use this app too much because a lot of the shows I watch have finished or are not ongoing, but it really helps to keep track of shows or movies that you watch. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91669:	   Would be better if it updated when new episodes are coming out. Update button has stopped working. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91686:	   Easy to use, no problems with crashes or anything like that, I don't like the way TV shows is the default (it is called Series Guide, so I new it would be tv biased) I'm more of a film watcher- but I've found this to be the best trakt app 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91698:	   I love this app really much. Few weeks ago it stopped working good, the episodes are not updated and I really though that season was ended because I didn't get update. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91701:	   Now pictures and titles won't load in widget and sometimes it lags also Sometimes show timing are not accurate 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91703:	  Was my one of my fav's, widget not longer updates for days after marshmallow. Not hooked to trax or any of that, I just put enter my favorite shows and look at the widget to see what is playing that evening, Widget must be forced to update, installed, did not help, rebooted more than once, does not fix the issue, wrote to the author, never heard back. Paid for it, was five stars in my books till a few months ago. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91707:	   Don't know what's happened but not tracking shows properly plz fix. Used to be my go to app for tv 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91711:	  I am glad the developer listened to the feedback of myself and others. No more forced purple widget. We now have an option for a dark widget theme that can match most homescreen themes. But, the backup and restore feature doesn't work at all! It keeps failing. I have tried clearing the data and uninstalling/reinstalling the app but it still doesn't work. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91715:	  Used to be amazing but as of recently whenever I try to add a new show it always fails 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91716:	   It's a great concept but the pictures do not load anymore and the lists have to be manually updated. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91743:	   ... Please fix the mess with American Dad seasons, latest season is 12 and not 13 as you are listing. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91747:	   Am I the only one whose app stopped working a few months ago? "There are no recent episodes" since December? For all of my shows? (Including NCIS, Nashville and others that certainly continued this year...) PLEASE HELP and I'll return to 5  rating! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91751:	   I am watching a few series that for example i am at episode 7 but series guide only shows 5 episodes, so i cant tick the new episodes that i have seen. Please fix this its really annoying 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91752:	   I have used this for ages and it has always been excellent, the last few months some shows show continuing instead of the next episode which has clearly aired. If this was fixed I'd change my rating to a 5. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91756:	   This is a brilliant app makes it so easy to keep up. Couple of things to make it better 1. If you could change the channel (example. when the show was on in America it was on AMC but in the UK its on sky1) change it to show what channel you are watching it on so it keeps it up to date. And the back up (I had to reset my phone after I backed it up and it didn't work so had to put all in manually 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91769:	   Everytime i open the app... Shows, now, upcoming, recent..are all blank black screens. When i try to look for a show i have it shows nothing. When i try to delete a shot it doesn't. Alot of the shows i save dont show up in the widget for upcoming shows, like cops, wwe Monday night raw, wwe smackdown....please fix. Also I have the premium version, is thete a limit or something cause now when i click to add a show it doesn't save... It's giving me A lot of problems. Cant erase a show, etc... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91771:	   Just a great app to keep track of your favorite TV shows you have watched and are following. Had a problem early on, emailed dev and he was quick to assist. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91772:	   New update removed the cover image for some shows. Will update rating once that's fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91784:	   But one problem that i have with it is whenever i want to add new tv show to the list, i always have already added shows as suggestions. I want to see some new suggestions, i know what i already added 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91789:	   i can't find the originals 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91832:	  I've loved this app for years. Unfortunately it's not been updating well, and the app's been moaning about Trakt connectivity issues. And it would be nice if Sort by Title would ignore the word "The" at the start of a title. I keep thinking I've lost shows out of my list, but then they're filed under T. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91833:	  It is beyond annoying that this app becomes unusable if trakt has connectivity problems. Why is it not possible to just set episodes watched on device and let it sync whenever it can get a connection instead in real time. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91860:	   Was good initially but won't login to trakt. Opens a page that just constantly reloads in browser and have to force close and delete browser data to get browser back. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91862:	   After entering my credentials, it gives me an error that something went wrong. Tried the apps browser too 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91865:	   Love this app. But recently it hasnt updated sherlock broadcast dates.. plz fix. :) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91879:	  Need to fix some bugs ... than its gud to go ... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91903:	   Frequently won't update TV shows even when I confirm the episode data is on Trakt. Only way to fix is an uninstall then reinstall. Had to do it twice. Won't do it again. Disappointed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91914:	   Can't get it to work. Why can't you make these apps simple. You don't tell us we need cable. Can't afford it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91924:	   I absolutely love this app! It keeps me organized when it comes to my weekly shows, and when I'm catching up on a series on the side. However I often encounter errors when it tries to communicate with Trakt. Suggestion: allow offline "Set Watched" options if there's connection issues, and send the data once a connection is established. Otherwise this app can be useless if Trakt isn't working right. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91936:	   It works superb and is the best tv show tracking app on the market, but there are still a lot of shows that you can't find. For example "The Leftovers" or all the Digimon Seasons (it has only three randome ones). Please fix this! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91941:	   Great app but the widget content is really tiny, makes it almost impossible to read. Purchased Pro version and still no way to fix it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91950:	   I will give 5 stars once the following issue is resolved: On the recent section, when infinite calendar is selected, the app continuously cycle through each of my series showing every single episode as unseen when I have tagged all the episodes as seen and then removing then from the view. This gets annoying when some series have hundreds of episodes. Not sure if this is a syncing issue with trakt. I think this is also draining my battery. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91955:	  This app has been great for a long time but recently the shows aren't updating. I have to remove & add them again for it to update. Please fix this. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91961:	   These developers pay attention. The update had caused some glitches, but they heard our complaints, and immediately fixed the problem. Now it is back to the greatest app ever. Kudos to the geniuses behind making this my favorite app. I WILL BUY THE PRO VERSION BECAUSE I CAN SEE THE DEVELOPERS ARE KEEPING THIS APP UPDATED AND CONSISTENT, AND ARE NOT GOING TO RIP U OFF AFTER U BUY IT. LOVE IT!!!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91966:	   this was my favourite app till this happened. it stopped updating some shows like grey's anatomy and modern family. fix it if you can, am switching to another app till its done 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91979:	   Repeated notifications of it crashing prevented me from using my phone. I had about half a second between pop up notifications to navigate through my settings and eventually uninstall the app. Needs to be fixed before reinstalling. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91990:	   I love this app but it takes way too long to sync with Trakt. Please fix this. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#91998:	  The trakt interaction has issues about 50% of the time... although the website is working just fine. This is NOT the first time this happens. Can you finally put an end to this madness? Also, you've added color to the header inside the navigation view with the last update. Good job. But there's still no trakt image while logged in with trakt. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92001:	  It's very good but now at some point it stopped showing the newest episodes in all the series. Please fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92006:	   Been using this for a couple of years and it only gets better and better. I don't get much usage out of the lists and movies functionality but the TV tracking and episode information etc is fantastic. Topped off with a developer who gives clear information in descriptions about updates and provides good support and you definetly have a 5 star app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92014:	   Schedule is not updated to date.. Some of episodes r not released yet or that the release day is different.. But it is a simple problem to fix.. Rest of the app is super great and lovely 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92032:	   Can't find Sense8, The Affair, The Missing..just to name a few. Is it me or the app no longer gets its DB of shows updated? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92040:	   Used it for a very long time, and all of the sudden the widget stopped working (show me only the next episode at best).. Happened after the last update. A little disappointed actually. Hope it will be repaired soon 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92045:	   What's happening. The shows aren't getting updated at all. Is there a new bug fix coming up? I love this app, and don't want to uninstall!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92058:	   I've NOOO problem with this app, and it's so comfortable 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92062:	  Everything was awesome until some shows became Continuing even though they are still running... please fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92065:	   Idk why the shows aren't getting updated now. Please make an update asap!!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92079:	   Useful and fast but with syncing problems 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92084:	   One problem I am having is that I can't view the full name of the shows that have a long name 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92088:	  The icon for "watched" is so dull that I think it means "not watched yet". That's the only problem with the app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92112:	  Has many old shows I watch regularly (Columbo, Corner Gas) and works great offline. Dates and times don't match up with Canadian broadcasters, but I don't use it for scheduling - just for keeping track of the episodes I've seen and it's perfect for that. 5 stars! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92120:	   This app doesn't save all your settings and lists and fails to pull all the data from trakt account appropriately. This needs to be fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92122:	   Dont bother with this app any longer. Its slow as hell, ignores settings and i dont think there's a lot of work being done on it anymore. It also has a problem with wakelocks/power consumption. Tried it with several phones ROMs and kernels but at this point I give up and move on. The trakt mobile site has become excellent by now. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92130:	   You fixed the DHD crashes! You are awesome :-D thanks! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92134:	   Most recent version hits as risky in Comodo after this last update! Please resolve this issue! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92135:	   Won't even launch. Immediately force closes. Please fix; I use this app on a regular basis. Thanks. Update: latest version now works. Updated rating to 5 stars. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92136:	   Essential for TV and movie watching enthusiasts. Only issues are minor and you can usually find a work around, more annoying than anything else. Would really like imdb/metacritic integration. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92149:	   After sync stopped working it's more or less useless.. It's not refreshing remote watchlist or sending watched episodes to server. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92150:	   I love how I can keep track of my shows and episodes I have or have not watched. Although, the shows have stopped updating. Even though I have good Internet connection, the app doesn't recognize any upcoming episodes for certain shows. Also the descriptions of each episodes are now nonexistent. Please fix these issues. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92161:	   ... but when Trakt is active, seen shows keep showing up again... also deleting shows gets hard as it always seems to be synchronizing... will disable trakt again hoping for a fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92165:	  Does not synch with trakt. It let's me connect but non of my watched or watching shows show up. However my watchlist does show. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92173:	   I had been using this app for quite some time. Didn't open it for a few months, then open it again and all the shows I was tracking are gone and nothimg shows up. Not worth uaing if they made a change along the way that lost all my info. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92200:	   Arrrggghhh! Hasn't worked since last update. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92202:	   Everything is great about this. SeriesGuide Cloud works perfectly with X Pass and all the shows are synced with all your devices. Only two things I would consider fixing. Number one is the connection with Trakt, is mostly bugs and has some sync issues, but it can be as must Trakt's fault as it can be SeriesGuide's. None the less, I still prefer SeriesGuide to Trakt because of TVDB, which is almost used as a standard for TV shows information. Trakt has it's private database so sometimes it's information mismatch TVDB and some sync glitches appear. In the end, I stoped using Trakt. Number two would be to add a feature to set the episodes to re-watched (as many times you watched it). For now I just uncheck the Seen Episode when I re-run a series and check them back when I watched the episode, but as I said, a re-watch count would be great, especialy with the stats so they don't erase the time watched when unchecking the episode. (I'm not sure if i'm very clear, but you get the idea.) In conclusion, best app out there for TV show tracking. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92205:	   good app considering the alternatives out there. the main thing that bugs me though is the auto update doesn't really work. will find myself watching a show on tv thinking i've downloaded the latest (according to the app) only to find i've missed one or two episodes because the app hasn't updated itself to show the latest content - and that kind of defeats the whole point of the app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92226:	   With one minor issue lately, search is not bringing results other than what I already watch... Bug? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92227:	   But when it updated (and me prompting. Had to completely uninstall and the reinstall) yesterday, it now when I click on episodes it makes a green box around the check mark and doesn't take it off the recently aired section... Pooh! Please fix and will update my rating 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92228:	   Sync with trakt.tv service doesn't work as expected (e.g. seen episodes in app not marked as seen in trakt.tv when wieving in web browser). probably not the fault of the app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92247:	   I have been using Series Guide for at least a year now and up to this point I have loved it. But lately, I regularly have trouble syncing shows to my Trakt account (have to manually sign in and out only for it to work for a few seconds), and marking something as watched takes forever to take hold. This started happening a couple updates ago. (Problems exist on both my tablet and phone.) It's becoming more work of a headache to use than the headache it solves. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92249:	   Lately the shows aren't updating. They say "continuing" when they are still giving new episodes weekly. Plz fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92250:	   Does what I want without any problems. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92253:	   I'm in love with this app, but I have two problems. 1. You can only set watch a movie when you add to your watchlist. 2. The watch time for movies are only on watchlist and not on watched, I think the second one is more important. This 2 things will be incredible. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92265:	   Why is it not loading episode info now? It started before needing to update and continues after app updated. Please fix. Thanks 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92273:	   The app is not working properly...its not updating the shows...the new ui is awesome...bt with no updation in the shows...its becoming a problem....plzz fix it... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92276:	   Use this app every day. One small problem, what happened to the trending option when you select new shows? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92282:	  Trakt doesnt log in so useless until thats fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92301:	   One flaw though: thumbnails for movies aren't loading 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92303:	   Latest update: don't like the new tab. Just bring back History and Friends tabs. Previous comments: Was 5 stars easy. However currently shows are showing as watched in history tab but not watched in recent tab. Could be Trakt issues though I suppose. I assume Trakt are to blame for missing friend tab also. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92313:	  Please update this app timings and info is not at all correct please fix it.I liked it in the beginning but now I am hating it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92317:	   But why aren't you updating "The Walking Dead" ?? I am not getting the new episodes in my "RECENT" the new episodes. FIX it pleas, for now 4 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92327:	  You're unable to check watched episodes online. And recently, trakt has issues connecting. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92345:	  The TV series aren't getting update so please fix it &gt;.&lt; 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92348:	   The last month or so, it's been having problems connecting to Trakt. Please fix it! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92349:	   Trakt V2 DO NOT WORK..... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92368:	   I have been using this app for nearly 6months. The issue with trakt has become horrible. All my watched episodes are unmarked. Same for the add to collection flag. TVShow time is much better! I would not want to migrate to a new app but, if this persists I will have no choice. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92375:	  Still there is much problem with trakt login and sync.... Plz fix it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92377:	   Used the app for a long time now. The UI is good and it follows material design. There are plenty of settings to tailor it to your needs. However recently there seems to be a lot of problems with syncing to Trakt. Hopefully this will be fixed soon. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92378:	  Error connecting to trakt everytime I try to mark an episode watched. Has to do with a recent update. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92379:	   Thanks for your hard work! Still having issues with trakt, so I suggest keeping the data that didn't pass through, in a table and try to send it in the background, from time to time, but let us mark the show as seen, even while offline. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92381:	   Its marking up unaired episodes as watched ....try fixing it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92383:	  Too often says "could not talk to trakt. Try again later". Good app but this issue really makes nerves. Wait some time and uninstall if no fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92391:	   Liked the design and the fact the there wasn't any shows missing from the search. At least for me. Only thing I dont like is that app thinks that stargate sg-1's episode length is 45min and person of interests is 1h when they both are around 42-43mins(without the adds). When its fixed you'll get 5 stars. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92394:	   The app looks great and is a nice layout. Unfortunately the trakt integration does not function very well.... If you do manage to get signed in it then fails constantly when trying to talk to it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92395:	   I haven't been able to login in for several day... fix the issue and I'll change the stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92396:	   I cannot continue to progress with shows because it keeps on failing to connect to trakt. Such bullshit execution but great idea...plz fix it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92397:	   Did not find one show I entered in search instead showed a list of shows with nothing to do with the show I entered. Stupid 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92398:	   How long until the login issue is fixed?? I can log into trakt's site just fine so I don't think it's their fault. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92405:	  The app is great, but due to time issue it`s useless. Please fix the time issue. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92425:	   Frequently restarts when not opened 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92426:	   Trakt has changed the runtime of the episodes of many TV shows reducing most of them. You need to take that into account and fix those times accordingly in this app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92434:	   I really like this app. The look, the widget but it doesnt always keep track of the Irish and English shows I watch. It just keeps telling me 'continuing' even though I know they've aired. if this bug gets sorted 5 stars all round 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92437:	   Yes forever to update shows. Easy return of five stars if fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92447:	   For freaks like me who watch dozens of TV shows this app is vital. I'm currently tracking 50 series and this app makes that so easy to do. Simple layout and the dev support is great. Any time I've had a problem I'd usually get a response within 24 hours. The dates and times each episode airs is accurate. Just one important type of information among many this app provides. Thanks! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92449:	   Irrespective of whether using android keyboard or third party, trying to enter credentials into app to connect to Trakt makes the data entry lines unreadable -- keyboard takes up half the screen -- doesn't work in main app -- but still what's the point -- there are now several apps permitting tracking of shows, so can't see the point of using this if you cannot enter ALL data correctly. ALSO app is VERY big -- 5 times the size of WatchSeries, say, and it should ALSO allow backup to external SD card -- we are using this on an Android device, after all!!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92451:	   My TV shows library/collection on trakt are not sync with this app. My upcoming section is just blank. My movies collection on trakt sync without any problems. Please give my the ability to sync my TV shows on grant with this app. Also it would be great if some kind of indication was added to let me know if I watched the movie/show. Cathode has it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92452:	   Running the latest version available for Android 2.3.4 and I'm not able to upload watched shows to trakt. I get an error saying "can't talk to trakt". Too bad you don't support gingerbread anymore. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92454:	  No longer able to add new programs. Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92466:	  Doesn't sync shows from trakt and won't let me modify my trakt lists, which is the sole reason I downloaded... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92475:	   We love it when developers take their user issues seriously. Cheers 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92480:	   Love the design and it's very easy to use. I will say one thing I would change would be having the widget be a past TV episodes with a check box next to it so you can mark as watched but also keep the option for upcoming. With my big phone screen I would have an entire page for widgets. Top would be upcoming and the bottom would be a need to watch or have you watched widget. Amazing app! It needs to have sync revamped. I bought a tablet and downloaded this and signed in to my trakt but it didn't sync. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92502:	   Just updated & can't connect to trakt, as others have said I just get blank screen, please fix, I use this app daily. *update: its just slow to show login for trakt. I left it on that screen went into play store & when I went back into SG it was showing login screen, now connected & back up to 5*'s 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92503:	   Having same problem as others. Blank screen when trying to connect. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92504:	   Even after the update for trakt 2, I can't connect. The connect page stays blank. Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92505:	   New update fixed all the problems I had. Amazing app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92507:	   I've never seen an app as good as this for tracking tv shows. But it seems to take too much time to update the shows and sometimes, if I mark the show as watched, it goes back to bring marked as unwatched. Also, I wish there was an option to create lists with movies as well. But still, you won't find a better app than this. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92515:	   The app stopped syncing... Tried to logout and then login again in trakt, but it says that I have to check my credentials 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92520:	   The last update screwed up syncing with trakt. All I get is errors now when I add movies to my watch list, or that I have watched a movie. Hopefully this is resolved soon or I'll switch to another app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92522:	  So much time to update shows and "Couldn't not talk to track" Problem 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92527:	   X problem is solved and also the program is dramatically improved. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92528:	  Seems to be good but can you tell me how to watch shows thorough tract I tried to click trackt opt. Below the episode nd it connected to trackt site on browser but I couldn't get it how to watch further there is no option for streaming maybe I couldn't find one can u help 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92531:	   This is a horrible trakt client. Slow sync, lists don't sync and there are is no recommended section. Also, 5 bucks for notifications and themes? Overpriced. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92536:	   Can't watch videos that dush please fix and i will give 5 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92545:	   I like but it's very slow. Doesn't sync any more 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92560:	   I like being able to keep track of what I'm watching the stats are neat as well. Though the movie section needs some work. It seems like half the time the app doesn't recognize that I have set the movie as watched or even rated the movie. Though I don't know if this is an issue with the app or syncing with tract.tv. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92561:	   Great app but i would like the possibility to see all unwatched episodes in the recent tab, instead of just the latest season. Like in earlier versions Edit: bumped to 5 stars. Issue was fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92563:	   Works great for keeping up to date on your shows. Cast and crew info as well as ratings. Just don't forget to turn on periodic updates otherwise it doesn't do anything. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92565:	   How do I get the programs to play? This is great you have all the programs but I can't watch them because it isn't working 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92570:	   Always happy to see updates for this. One thing that NEEDS to be introduced though is the ability to exclude a show from the manual time offset. I need an offset of -3 for displayed airtimes of North American shows to be correct, but this causes times for shows airing on foreign networks, such as BBC1, to be off -- it seems to adjust those for my timezone automatically for some reason. Definitely needs a fix, or it will only ever be "almost perfect". 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92581:	   This app is close to flawless. It's utterly indispensable to me because I honestly religiously watch 25 separate shows. Series Guide keeps track of them all: Name of the episode, Season & Episode number, Time & Date. The widget let's me know at a glance what's on that night and when. My most used app on my phone. I even keep my family member's shows tracked for them! Highly recommended. One issue I've found: American Pickers does not show up in the list widget. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92593:	   Starting to slack on almost every show I'm watching, everything says tba and I can't find an update for the app. No sense in having this app if it doesn't work. Downloading Tv-Series for now, we shall see. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92598:	   A really well designed, easy to navigate app. Only problem is that it's a bit slow. Some information just take much too long to load. Also a movie chart would do wonders for such a beautiful app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92605:	   Decided to try another TV tracking app because the one I was using was crashing when I launched it. This one did the same thing. It won't even start. I notice both say they switched to trakt.tv. Is that why? Because it seems a horrible upgrade if the app won't work. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92607:	   Update: Have noticed app running in background, loading the CPU. Either a bug or doing something it shouldn't. Please fix or remove faulty code. Minus 1 star for now. Extremely handy app and well done. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92610:	  Very good but recently I've had a little problem with it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92618:	   As a media enthusiast and binge watcher of shows on Netflix, I find it hard to keep track of everything I've watched. Thanks to this handy app though, I no longer have that problem. It also has fantastic descriptions and I enjoy the ability to add shows to your list and check them off as you watch them. This is actually one of the only apps that I use daily. Thank you, developers, fantastic job and impressive work keeping updates at frequent intervals. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92622:	   Hi, it used to work with my samsung galaxy s4 & samsung galaxy note 8, but after i did a factory reset on both phones and then re-install the app once again, it won't add a show (too bad i didn't save the back-up file). i love this app so much and i'm considering on upgrading to pro, but if this thing won't get resolved i won't have any choice but to uninstall. Please reply/fix this issue. Thank you & more power! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92624:	   Straight to the point, fast, material design, quality information and just as you thought it couldn't get any better, it does! It's ad-free! Thanks. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92626:	  Notifications arrive even while using the priority mode on Lollipop. Please fix this. Otherwise a great app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92631:	   The app is perfect to keep track... Was my go to app till recently when the shows are not getting updated. Please fix... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92637:	   It was a great app to start with but recently shows are not updating. Pls fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92660:	   Really good app for tracking episodes. One bug i recently observed is that if you scroll in the episodes list, the right side scrollbar does not move. Apparently these two actions are not linked 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92669:	   The shows are not at all being updated. There are no upcoming shows and there are some which are running right now. Please fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92686:	  Why TV show seasons are not being updated?example Walking dead 3rd episode is out and series guide is still displaying continuing. Seriously? Please fix it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92691:	   After last update widget has disappeared and i can't get it back 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92698:	  Used to work well now it doesn't load most of the series.... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92703:	  I really liked it, but from before the last update,any ofy series are not getting updated and don't have photos :-( (arrow, vampire diaries, defiance, once upon a time and many more) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92704:	   I like this app. But there is a big lack... no sync between devices. I use tab 8.4 and note 3. Now days it is kinda obligatory to have some kind syncing system. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92711:	   Using it for 2 years, never had even a trivial problem. Highly recommended. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92720:	  Was working fine till the latest update. Many shows aren't getting updated with new season info 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92724:	   Since the last update some of the shows on my list are not automatically updated. MTV's Faking It, The Mysteries of Laura, and Scorpion. Can you please fix this? Thanks. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92727:	   The big bang theory, agents of shield is not getting updated. Please check on it. The rest of the app is good. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92729:	  Some thumbnails cannot display, plz fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92730:	   Love this app but the widget is not working, it just says upcoming shows 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92737:	   Simple, beautiful and efficient. Never let me down, specially when upgrading, always little by little so nothing crashes. Really recommend it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92738:	   Is there a way to be able to only show local channels? I would love to use this, but showing Fox, CBS etc isn't useful for the UK. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92742:	   A great way to keep track of all the episodes and collections. Only problem is some new episodes are not shown in upcoming. Otherwise good app 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92753:	   This is what I have been looking for. Easy check in for Trakt, nice UI. This is what Cliffhanger tried to be but failed miserably. Loving this app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92756:	   every time i back my data up and then uninstall then reinstall, the so-called back up doesn't work! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92764:	   I get an error a lot that says cannot connect with trakt or it says I've submitted a comment or rating and it doesn't show up in the app. Please fix this!!! It was fine until the last update. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92770:	   FIX THE BUGS ALREADY! cannot add movies! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92774:	   Only problem I'm having notifications don't always work other than that a solid app 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92785:	   Some show do not load thumbnails and screen caps. Please fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92803:	  Worked well at first but now it isn't keeping up with animes..... Please fix this issue 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92822:	   Good app but I'm not in the habit of making an account on every site and app out there. I don't use Trakt or getglue or any of that, but it's a pain that those paying users are the only ones who can back up there shows to the cloud. Every time I flash an updated rom I have to add all my shows from memory. Swear I'm still missing some... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92825:	   Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92826:	   Won't work at all, says there are no upcoming shows etc. Samsung Note 2 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92859:	   The update fixed everything! Fantastic job; everything is running smoothly and I'm having no loading problems. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92895:	   What happened to the widgets? It no longer shows upcoming episodes. Tried to uninstall it, clear cache etc and nothing.. I hate the fact I have to open the app and look at the list of the shows to find out when the next episodes are due. Please fix it ASAP. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92899:	   I love the look of the new update. Thud Isn't favourite app for keeping tracking off things. It looks great abs works smoothly. The previous issues have all been resolved. My only problem, and it's a very, very small one, is that the 'watched next episode' button is too high up 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92911:	  Fixed crashes. Thanks. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92919:	   My only complaint is that it would be really great if it put shows that start with "the" in there proper place instead of in the t section. Like, The Amazing World of Gumball should be in a for amazing, not t for the. Please fix this 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92923:	   This app has always had problems but this update broke everything. Settings were removed and it's stuck in update mode, after 2 hours it is still trying to update making the app unbearably slow. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92924:	   Love this app and can't find another that tracks my show progress as well. BUT it would be nice if it were faster to update, faster to navigate. Sometimes after marking an episode as watched it'll take a good 5 seconds before the screen changes to show the next episode :/ but over all excellent app! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92950:	   Looks good but hasn't synced with trakt scence I migrated from X. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#92990:	   Last updates fixed all problems and they keep improving the app. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93001:	   This app was great but since the last update I get constant 'unfortunately, series guide has stopped' messages. Even when I'm not actually using the app. I hope this gets fixed soon and I'll change my rating to 5 stars again. (using GS4). 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93003:	   After updating, the app is always force closing? Please fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93013:	   You fixed even the minor UI bugs! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93015:	   Pls fix the statistics bug 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93030:	   Please fix this feature. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93054:	   Beautiful design, excellent performance, I've got tons of shows including ones I'm interested in and this app is perfect for keeping track of all of them. Very active dev and issues resolved quickly. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93059:	   Fast responses, fast updates, great app, great performances, ease of use. It has everything. Including quick issue resolution. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93065:	   A really nice app for tracking your series activity .i have been using it for a long time and did not encounter any problems with it. I just love it. Thanks devs 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93067:	   But I can't use it until will not be added a 'to do' or a 'not watched yet' tab, where are grouped all the unwatched episodes. I will buy also the premium then, I promise. :) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93075:	   I've tried several series apps and could not find one that had a decent search feature. This app has that plus many more useful features. This will be the last one I'll try. The only one I'll need. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93077:	   What's with the last update saying "add up to 2 extensions for free"? How does it work, I can't find it anywhere. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93089:	   I really like this app. The only problem I have is that it only reconize that I watched an episode when I'm online. Please fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93113:	   This was great! My favourite app untill it almost completely stopped doing its job. It tells me it doesn't know when the next episode will be out when the shows are still being released weekly. Iv had to rely on another app to keep me up to date. Will uninstall soon if the issue isn't fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93131:	   Just a few times I've had a working wifi connection but show search and trending services return no responses. Just a minor issue but is of seemingly random occurrence. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93144:	   Episode tracking... Fixed... For A TV/Cable/Internet Series Guide... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93168:	   Can't sync between devices 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93171:	   The app is everything I hoped it would be and more when I downloaded it, but after the last update the series won't load and the app crashes often. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93188:	   Is this a joke? I can't add a single show.. Fix it! ============== Update: Fixed, now i have to use this some more to decide whether it's the app for me or not ============== Update 2: Turned out i love this app! I can easily tracks all my shows with this app. Really useful! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93192:	   Your widget does not work on Sony xperia c. Fix this issue and I will give 5 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93195:	   App is good. Initially, had problem... hangs when removing shows and the shows can't be from list. Somehow, it had been rectified. Everything is working well now. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93197:	   I can't add shows ; ( can someone help me by telling what might have been the problem? Thanks 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93201:	   MAR 2014: Updates still keep coming too often - really annoying! Get it fixed! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93203:	    to keep track of the shows I watch, the only problem I found is that I have to update manually from tracktv on my tablet after I check episodes as watched on my phone, if that was automatic it'd be much better. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93205:	   Mostly functional. Occasionally has errors. Doesn't seem to like the show "Alphas", keeps checking in as "Section 8" instead on GetGlue. Could be prettier. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93215:	   Removed the way to sync up manually when the app wasn't syncing properly. Some episodes don't sync and that was the only way to resolve it. Downgraded to the old version until it is fixed. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93217:	   Got the release dates of episodes which I couldn't find through Google search.. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93220:	   Great app, user friendly and the UI is great too. Haven't encountered any bugs and all the shows pull the latest information 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93242:	   Worked great for a long time. Then in 2014 shows stopped updating. All shows now say continuing.wtf. its as if they just stopped maintaining the app. Some shows still are up to date. But most have missing or no info. I hope they fix issue. 5 stars if they fix issues. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93246:	   The app frequently crashes 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93252:	   I can count on this app to keep track of which episode of a show I am on and when the next one airs. The UI is beautiful and I have never noticed a bug. Kudos to the developers. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93256:	   Beside the really useful features and nice design, this application is supported by an impressive G+ community, ready to help in case of any issues with the app. Generally, I had no problems whatsoever with the application! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93260:	   Really nice app.. Keeps tracks of series and episodes but recently I hav already watched the 14 episode of big bang theory but app still shows only 13 episode and says continuing... Can u fix that devs??? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93281:	   Freakin useful Now you needn't forget ur fav series 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93293:	   Does what it says. 4 starts as cannot find all the TV shows I'm following. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93299:	   The interface is not completely stellar but it does the job well. And the latest update took care of my biggest issue. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93306:	   Great app. Please give option to turn off new tabs at top, I don't use any of them and are just taking up space. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93323:	   I had some issues updating from trakt, uwe was very responsive, and it works great for me now. If you watch way too much TV like I do, this app is perfect for keeping track of what you've seen and what you haven't. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93332:	   I'm constantly watching several shows at once, and often forget which episodes I've already seen... This keeps track of everything for me, saving me from that "I'm sure I've seen this episode already" problem! Thanks dev! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93349:	   Pity I can't use all the functionality as I am in South Africa so cannot get upcoming info for our programming. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93357:	   I use this app almost everyday since I am a TV show geek. But I had noticed that "house of cards" is not updating the dates it originally aired on. If you could fix this pls!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93368:	   Haven't had any problems with it at all. It's a neat idea, especially with the widget, and the summaries and such seem accurate. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93400:	    as to when the next air date is..Please fix!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93403:	   Regarding the widget; on my Tablet Z it causes the launcher to stutter every time I swipe past a homescreen with a SeriesGuide widget on it. Perhaps related to widget refresh intervals? I'd love to see a fix for it :) Helps me keep track of recent and upcoming shows in a beautiful way. Keep it up! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93428:	   I still can't use the getglue integration... Can someone help? I love this app though... Wish I could use both at the same time without having to open separate apps. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93432:	   ...if I make the widget full screen on ICS. Sense goes into a crash loop after that. I have to hope I have the market open so I can uninstall seriesguide. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93442:	   Currently have two widgets, upcoming and recent episodes. Neither update my activity until a reboot. Can this be updated to refresh data from the app more frequently? No use having an out of date widget. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93453:	   It stopped working It shows how I met your mother as continuing even though a new episode was released on Monday Please fix Running kitkat 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93467:	   This is a great app but lately all my shows does not upload to trakt when i add new shows, i have tried updating, uploading etc, nothing works 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93470:	   Just wanted to say I love this app, one of the most useful ones I have, I watch a lot of different shows and this helps keep track of them so well, never have any problems with it, definitely a A+ app, keep up the great work! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93494:	   Minimalist interface with great resolution, all the posters for shows and movies just pop. Pretty good suggestions based on your viewing habits, but they're extremely limited and effectively static since you cannot remove shows you aren't interested in from suggestions/etc. The only other negative is the lack of the trending movie feed that shows get. Once those two things are fixed it'll be golden. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93507:	   This isn't a stand-alone app. Requires at least one other subscription service. There is no user guide. Sucks for people new to smartphones / tablet crap. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93532:	   New episodes are not avaliable for some tv shows like bones, arrow, the vampire diaries and how i met your mother. Please fix it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93548:	   I love this app, but I've missed a lot of shows recently, because it does not update. Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93557:	   Fixed my issue I had with app and now it's great! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93572:	   Thanks for fixing. 5* as promised 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93581:	   This app has great potential but poor execution. And I fear that the developer has left us high and dry. There is no excuse for giving a half-year of series information. If you are going to include a series, using TBA for a half of the year is simply not excusable. For example AMC's "Hell on Wheels" aired its Season 3 finale tonight but the app only has half of the year updated. And there are plenty of other examples of the same or worse. Sad. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93592:	   I used to love this app... it was like a god send cause I follow a bunch of shows... I actually used to keep track of all this on a text file... :P Though for some reason many of the shows aren't accurate... Fix'em now guys! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93597:	   Love this app. It's perfect in every way but one. The backup process is extremely painful and I couldn't get it to work. If you could possibly add some sort of syncing tool through a google account then this would be perfect. Having said that, this is a pretty minor quibble for anyone that doesn't regularly change devices. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93605:	   It was working pretty good (this app had ended early a show season for something I was watching this summer) now I can't get the up coming page to work. There is no way to report a problem without signing up for the blog page. Sorry not doing it. I'm not real happy with this right now. FIX IT! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93606:	   Actually . Very good but there is a problem when I want add a program into watch list . Appears to me a message "couldn't be add " .... why ? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93607:	   I used that app on my previous device now that I wanted to the new it keeps popping "could not add ...." I am not able to add anything do you know why or what I have to do to fix it 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93608:	   Kept getting error that it couldn't add shows. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93609:	   Keep getting error message "could not add ...." 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93623:	   Was working perfectly but now it keeps saying no Internet connection but I'm connected to the Internet :( please fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93632:	   I absolutely love this app! Only 1 problem that sometimes the app header, with back button and options, disappears. If I tap over it, it appears again. Please fix this, it can be annoying sometimes. Also marking "Watched all" can bug resulting in 0x0 not changing at all and showing no episodes watched. 4 stars for now. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93635:	   I watch Twisted and it only says there are only 10 episodes in the first season but there is more and I can't read the info for next weeks info.... PLEASE FIX :( 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93638:	   It couldn't find law and order. Oh well. Uninstalling. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93645:	   497 error on Nexus 7. Uninstalled old version and tried again with same result. Is a fix coming? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93646:	   Maybe this wouldn't be so bad if I only knew what error #497 stood for. Maybe. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93660:	   I upgraded to the paid version of the app to support the developer. Unfortunately I followed the developer's instructions on updating the app from within the app verses through the Play Store which means uninstalling the app to repair an issue means having to repurchase the app. I have contacted the developer twice on Google + as this is the written preferred mode of contact for issues. To date I've received no response. I would not recommend this product or any or project from this developer. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93673:	   I used to use this app every day to follow my tv shows but it doesn't work anymore. It doesn't update all the series. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93675:	   Only problem is it gives episode as Season # episode# Most providers list episode as a running total. Like episode 241. Maybe give both nunbera as options 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93681:	   Didn't work 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93688:	   I was quite happy with the app for several weeks until it started crashing on me. I tried about everything including reinstalling but could not sort the problem out.  in the end. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93713:	   Why do you need access to my accounts and to be able to delete them or make new accounts? Fail!!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93716:	   I don't know other apps that do what they say they should do without any bugs, drawbacks or money included except this one :) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93729:	   Could not connect to trakt servers. Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93751:	   Since update, check in to getglue fails. Tried uninstalling an reinstalling but still failing. Otherwise... Great app 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93792:	   I like this app and the accompanying app. It is nice to just glance down to see what is on or when the next episode is playing. No crashing problems, no freezing. Works well and works fast. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93795:	   The app really does everything I need it to. For a TV junkie such as myself everything is included and the dev actually reacts to suggestions and problems. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93800:	   Truly is a useful app for people who enjoy lots or maybe just a few selected television shows. At first I was hesitant in using this app thinking it would be only useful if your location is somewhere in the States , but found that my prayers to the Cable Gods in Programming were already a step ahead of me. I've had maybe 1-2 shows off on the scheduling but that could be due to a number of reasons...as for availability of programs to add to my Tele guide they're all here and the ones I couldn't find I just searched and walla...Game of Throne, Walking Dead your popular ones as well as your retro shows Different Strokes, Knight Rider & even M.A.S.H. are all here.....this is by far the best guide out there to date....keep up the great work. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93817:	   , takes care of all my TV show scheduling problems. Would definitely recommendd it to anybody. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93821:	   I have many shows they are not updated on this app and on the TV they come out It's been over 1 month and the app hasn't updated any new series coming out and in reality it is out Fix it or refund meh 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93837:	   Seriously loved your app! Helped TV fanatics like me to keep up with all the shows that I watch.. But the only caveat is that I can't seems to type above a certain number of words when I tried to check in to getglue from your app.. Fix this and 5 stars is near.. Thanks.. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93839:	   Love the layout and has fast searches and everything but I can't get over the time zone thing. Should have an option to switch time zones. I uninstalled due to this, would be amazing otherwise.so sad 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93859:	   No doubt that it is a very food app to have. It is very error free.. But it needs habit ui overhaul like cliffhanger .. Which can be a great competitor. Now it also supports dash clock 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93874:	   A quick reinstall fixed the update issue. Rating upgraded. Great UI. Has all the features you need. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93878:	   I posted about this before and nothing has changed. Getglue check ins DO NOT work! Disappointed I actually have up money to this dev. Currently looking for an app like this in which check ins work as they should. Check in to get glue not working. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93880:	   Its really good but one hitch I have is that the widget seems to cause lag when I swipe to the home screen it is on and I do not have the problem with any other widgets would be nice to see a future update correct this (Samsung Galaxy SIII) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93894:	   Hey, what would be cool is a way to input a url so I could click on it and go to the site that hosts the shows I watch. I can't access Google Play or Amazon for TV here in Canada. but being able to put in a link to the site (e.g. ctv.ca or tsn.ca) would be very helpful. Thanks for the great app 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93935:	   This is among the top 5 most useful apps I have ever used. Not only that it works great, looks great, it's easy to use. I like the dark there it has, it's tablet optimized, it had a huge selection of anime. I watch some pretty rare stuff and it has it all. I really can't find any complaints. If they make it better I'd be very surprised. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93942:	   Not downloading n my phone s2 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93945:	   For years I've been using text documents (notepad or google docs) to manage what shows I had watched, am currently watching, or plan on watching. This app, at it's core, gives me a much simpler way to keep track of my shows. There are a ton of additional features that I have absolutely no use for, but they don't get in the way of how I use this app. Only real issue is that sometimes the information is inaccurate. It may list an upcoming episode when there is not one, or it'll list an incorrect date, or other various bits of misinformation. This is obviously a fault with whoever is in charge of the server that the data is pulled from, but I'm not sure who is in charge of that server. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93946:	   Show times and episodes were very wrong. Weird time settings, set to only show New episodes, (or I think I did, since the English is a little odd), it shows Castle is on Monday which is correct, but it says the episode is from 3 years ago, I checked tv guide and this app is wrong, there is a new episode, so not only does it show the wrong episode which the app says is a repeat, (it shouldn't even show up), I say complete failure. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93962:	   Not useful for all countries but doesn't mention that in description 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93967:	   It could never add anything to my list. The search couldn't find anything.  from RAZR Maxx. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#93978:	   I don't use traditional tv, only web based services, so tv listings are of marginal use. If I had found an option to show me only new episodes, I would have kept it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94014:	   This app is really neat. I love the Upcoming window so I can easily see when our shows are coming back, but the search feature doesn't work so I can add my shows that aren't trending. Fix that and it has potential for 5 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94017:	   Love the idea as i always forget where I am in a series. The search function doesn't work and can only choose from Trending. Missing Game of Thrones? 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94028:	   Ok.....sI I'm really not into rating but this app is so great I had to. I've downloaded several apps and they did not deliver. They didn't have a user friendly interface.....they didn't know when the episodes were airi..and there was no way to check off what you had already watched. This app does all that and more! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94037:	   Have this all setup on my tablet and it's great, but just installed to my phone and no sync option to make it the same as on there.... 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94072:	   All my earlier complaints seem to be fixed. I've upgraded my rating from 1 star to 4 stars and will upgrade it to 5 stars after it finishes updating and existing is working as before. Asia Nexus 7 tablet running JB 4.2 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94079:	   Very handy to keep track of my favorite shows & easy to use. Only problem I've found is the show Merlin is only listed as a UK channel & not US so all the air times are wrong. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94080:	   Stop forgetting airtimes, i can follow airtimes. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94081:	   There's a problem with air dates since all my shows are actually aired the day before that is shown in the app, besides that, it's wonderful. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94084:	   Please fix 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94088:	   After the update, when I want to search for new shows, it keeps saying no shows. Please fix. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94112:	   This app is awesome, it does exactly what it says and is bug free :) 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94116:	   A lot of missing shows like Only fools and Horses and Allo Allo... Maybe put a report form to send to you name of show from the app...Pls fix and update.. waithing responce. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94124:	   The last update fixed my only remaining issues with the app on my Nexus 7. I love the episode layout. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94143:	   One small issue in the otherwise perfect ui - the upcoming / recent page looks a bit funny on my tablet.. Could make better use of all the screen space like the rest of the app does 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94145:	   It's a great app for keeping tabs on shows that I watch. The checkin function for Getglue is quite buggy and needs to be fixed. In most cases, checkin fails and it tells me to log in again. As an avid Getglue user, I find it pretty annoying. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94156:	   I always had problem in keeping track of my favorite series. I have been waiting for an app like this for so long but now it's available and . Thumbs up. A lot of thanks for the developer 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94166:	   UI is intuitive for the most part. It's kind of confusing once you've added the shows you want to keep track of. Mainly its a sequential thing, where the steps involved to see the current days programming isn't intuitive. That page should be the default once all the programs are added. But still this is niggling over minor issues.  app. Get it. I've used it every evening since I got it. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94214:	   Love how this app is detecting British shows aswell ! The only downside is I can't remove a TV show from the list, no option why?!!! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94242:	   Widget doesn't work when moved to sd card 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94276:	   Used to work better now it fails many times to update shows and to submit seen episodes to trakt 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94285:	   This app really helped me solve my problems of keeping up with my favorite shows 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94289:	   How do I set it to my timezone it tells me that the shows are on at a much later time than they actually are I figured out how to offset the times problem solved now you get 5 stars 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94321:	   The app does what it says it will do. You can see which episodes you need to watch and when the next one is on so you don't forget. However, shows produced outside the UK tell you the American broadcast date and channel, so it would be nice to have full UK support. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94331:	   Didn't work with me 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94342:	   Why am i getting package failure error after downloading !! 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94361:	   I am not able to watch the videos. It takes me to a different place and asks me to subscribe to a channel i put my id in but still it doesn't work.. Instead it shows me an error msg...  me 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94367:	   I have added a list of shows that i like but it shows the first episode. Maybe i'm doing something wrong? I am giving the app 3 star because i like the design and how everything esis placed. If my problem is solved i will gladly give it the 5 star it deserves 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94395:	   Use it almost every day! Small bug though: opening from 'upcoming' widget, then clicking the home-as-up button closes the app instead of going to main activity.. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94401:	   Love the new update, layout is definitely better. Only 4 stars because of the freezing issue but not sure if that still happens with the update. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94408:	  Five star if the sync is work plz fix it or add auto backup 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94413:	   I am rating it 3 stars due to the issues I've noticed. When adding new shows I get some unknown error adding a show 25% of the time and sometimes have to retry 3-4 times to make it work. 
com.battlelancer.seriesguide#94427:	   Until it stopped working. Erased all of my shows and when asked to do a restore, only added the old outdated.shows back. :( 
