com.fsck.k9#50000:	  Your app will not work on my tcl 5056 n.... Then again I am smart and use a vpn.... Dumb ass 
com.fsck.k9#50002:	  I will give 5 stars when you fix this so I don't have to keep closing the email and opening it again to make it actually display on my screen. Really annoying. 
com.fsck.k9#50004:	  No notifications in Nougat Please fix this 
com.fsck.k9#50005:	  Syncing Disabled bug is back. 
com.fsck.k9#50009:	  Can't see attachments! 5.203 has two big problems. Messages load slow, real slow. And the attachment is now indicated at the bottom of the message not at the top. So you can easily miss it. This is a deal breaker for a default email client. 
com.fsck.k9#50014:	  Auto sync is permanently disabled after upgrading to android 7.0. Checking background sync to "always" doesn't work. 
com.fsck.k9#50015:	  Stopped syncing after latest nougat update.... 
com.fsck.k9#50016:	  Can't create folders or save messages! Don't waste your time, you'll eventually have to switch to something else. Everyone needs to save some important messages in a separate folder where they won't get deleted while cleaning up the inbox. 
com.fsck.k9#50019:	  Last update fixed most of the zoom issues, but it still persists. Not all emails can be zoomed out unless all the pictures are loaded, which I quite annoying. Some other emails refuse to be zoomed out on even with all pictures loaded. 
com.fsck.k9#50020:	  Is anyone having issues connecting to verizon email using pop, ssl, and pw? Issue started last week. 
com.fsck.k9#50023:	  Doesn't work properly with corporative gmail 
com.fsck.k9#50026:	  I've used this for over 4 years without any problems, however since the latest update and Android 7 it constantly stops syncing! I've made no changes and have managed to get it syncing again by changing the poll frequency but without warning it stops again? I found K9 when my stock email failed to cut the grade and this problem has forced me back only to find the stock app on Samsung is much better, so sorry K9 you've dropped the ball and I've been forced to move on. The syncing issue is all over the internet forums so it doesn't look like much is being done to rectify the problem. I may be back one day but I suspect not soon. 
com.fsck.k9#50027:	  Got the latest update working only after installing it from scratch.... Some emaining issues: Sent messeages sometimes show up in both, Sent and Trash folder. Draft messages with attachment are not fully synced (i.e. attachments are not available on the server). 
com.fsck.k9#50029:	  Good and simple email app. My main problem is, when use this email app is sometimes unstable (connection between app and email server). 
com.fsck.k9#50032:	  This app used to be great but recently has gone down hill- crashes about twice a day, takes forever to process requests, eg to open a message. Also crashes when deleting messages. 
com.fsck.k9#50039:	  Love this app except since the last update it has a bug. When you open an email it won't load it until you back out and reopen it. Annoying. 
com.fsck.k9#50043:	  Been using this app for years and have loved it until this latest update. It's takes forever to check/download emails, locks up when searching and it drains my battery like crazy. Never had an issue before this update. Running in Galaxy Note 5 
com.fsck.k9#50046:	  Edit: Still using K9 Mail. The most annoying thing about this app is deleting multiple emails. Rather than press and hold to enter into a "select mode" where you then tap all your emails you want to delete, you have to press and hold each email and choose "select". This takes ten times longer to simply delete multiple emails. It's rather painful amd annoying. All of a sudden I could no longer send email, only receive. I went to the server settings for outgoing mail, and clicked next and immediately got an error. I didn't notice at first, but after the update, www was added in front of my outgoing server. removed the www and it worked fine as it should. Thought I'd post this in the review section in case others come here with the same issue 
com.fsck.k9#50052:	  Not able to send messages, always gets an error if socket session time out 
com.fsck.k9#50056:	  Really wanted to love it but last couple updates really screwed it up. HUGE lag when getting emails, date sorting is wrong, crashes when adding attachments to emails, sending errors.. all basic email functions that should just work. Sorry 
com.fsck.k9#50057:	  Can't find the bottom bar that contains the buttons to reply etc. Is it with me only? Another: I couldn't see my newer emails. Although, I receive notifications, but they are not in the inbox. So I cleared data and logged in again and it worked. 
com.fsck.k9#50062:	  For years, this was the best Android mail app available. It's unbelievable how the current developers have ruined such a fantastic email utility. Many of the old behaviors have been modified to work in unintuitive ways, demonstrating a lack of basic user ergonomics. The Unified Inbox in particular is a catastrophe. Now, unread messages show before read messages regardless of date or time. Read messages do not show at all (they completely disappear from Unified Inbox) UNLESS YOU READ THEM WITH ANOTHER CLIENT (such as your desktop PC). If you read a message with another client, it will appear below the list of unread messages, completely out of time/date order. The Unified Inbox worked perfectly in older versions, but whoever has been modifying the code for this section of K-9 is essentially incompetent. There should be settings to configure the Unified Inbox behavior back to the old method if a user prefers that. It is after all the reason most of us switched to K9 in the first place. But the current behavior of showing messages read on another client in one way, and messages read in K-9 in another way, is just extremely poor development, and it needs to be fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50066:	  Spent countless time trying to get gmail to work. Keep getting errors. When you try to contact K-9 support you get a message that tells you that any message to that address will be ignored. Only way to get help is through their forum and nobody replies. 
com.fsck.k9#50070:	  I've been using K9 mail for a long time. When I am forced to change Gmail PWs, I have to uninstall & reinstall for the app to work right. Also having issues with sync suddenly being disabled on accounts. No way to contact developer anymore and app has become a pain in the a$$ to use. 
com.fsck.k9#50071:	  Wanted to use OWA... But it failed 
com.fsck.k9#50073:	  Requires OpenPGP to for encryption. I adore the night mode & color marking by the arrival addres. Haven't run into trouble with it yet 
com.fsck.k9#50074:	  I thought it was doing okay, but Keeps crashing. Reduced rating down from 4.5 to 2.5. :( I'm Not willing to send report because the Report button doesn't allow me to see what's being collected and for me to choose or approve. I greatly appreciate being able to export settings, & receipts, & many other features. Other than the need to fix crash problem, I can only suggest 3 things: 1. Allow messages to be date grouped in the Inbox with header title being a date; like the way the default /stock email app does it on Samsung Galaxy phones. 2. Allow to only download headers; again like default email app. 3. Allow emails to Not be synced/stored on phone. Especially when setup as an IMAP connection. 
com.fsck.k9#50075:	  After the latest update, even once the app is opened the notification in the notification panel still remains. That needs to be cleared manually. Once a mail is moved to trash it cannot be moved to inbox again. Besides these issues it is a very good app 
com.fsck.k9#50077:	  Been using K-9 for years... not because it's the hands-down best mail app (can't say it is) but because they fix issues quickly and nearly always fix them the *first* time. That's rare (sadly). I'll take great support over bells/whistles any day. 
com.fsck.k9#50078:	  Get a lot of 'Failed to send no SMTP' messages. This is frustrating enough but since S update when message fails to send it doesn't stay in outbox to retry, it just disappears and have to rewrite. Tried to report on github page as requested but couldn't find it. 
com.fsck.k9#50079:	  App crawls to a halt, crashes frequently. I suspect that the app can no longer handle large amounts of IMAP email. Please fix this!!! 
com.fsck.k9#50083:	  Use to love K9 Mail. But ever since about 2 updates ago, I just can't take it anymore! It takes like 5 seconds or more for the email to display after you attempt to open it. There are some other small annoyances with the latest version also. Hopefully they'll fix the issue but until then it's another all for me. 
com.fsck.k9#50086:	  Latest updates is causing the app to constantly crash on my Samsung. You can't compose an email as it will crash while you are doing so. 
com.fsck.k9#50089:	  Love it but after the latest major update the sear g is not working as before anymore. Hit the search and app freeze.. black screen some times And our ask to close or wait other starts with about 10sec delay then searching in server takes a lot time (before everything was fine). I miss the delete button for all mails in the notification bar. Android 7.1.1 Nexus 6p. 
com.fsck.k9#50091:	  Latest update is useless, pinch to zoom doesn't work, crashes regularly and runs ridiculously slowly please fix it urgently. Ok pinch to zoom now fixed. Still running like a tortoise and crashing all the time. 
com.fsck.k9#50092:	  Yahoo's new security update is not compatible??? Please fix. I really wish the app didn't have to download a set number of messages. If I delete a new email why do really old emails reappear so I have to mark them read - again, and again, and again? this isn't required for Yahoo mail just my POP. 
com.fsck.k9#50093:	  Very clunky. A work in progress. Didn't work with Gmail. Kept creating its own folders in my gmail account to mirror my existing ones and other goofiness. WTF. Hope it can get better tested and figured out. Stopped trying after I couldn't get gmail to work correctly. 
com.fsck.k9#50094:	  My favorite email client for years, but it's awkward and full of annoying little bugs. And, no, I don't want to spend hours navigating your user UN-friendly site just to try to report this. I tried that. It's a huge waste of time. Samsung galaxy s6 
com.fsck.k9#50095:	  It just stopped working for no reason. Won't connect to incoming or outgoing server. Been working fine for years then today it just stopped. Had to go to Gmail app. WTF? Checked all settings in Gmail and app. 
com.fsck.k9#50099:	  Thankyou for the quick fix to the previous update. This should be a paid app 
com.fsck.k9#50101:	  I've been using k9 for years and have loved it, but the last 3 or so updates have been horrible. Slowed the app down, and caused often crashes. I'm going to find an old version until this is resolved. 
com.fsck.k9#50102:	  Still crashing frrquently after most recent update. Recently crashed while drafting email and I lost all the email I had typed. Wish you could move an email between email accounts. Long-time user but frequent crashing has caused me to switch email apps. :( 
com.fsck.k9#50105:	  This app is good. Two problems: first it has lost draft emails (ones I have drafted on PC, then opened in app to send and found no content or attachment - very bad as they were work emails. Second, a recent update seems to have broken notifications so that opening the actual app no longer removes the notification for new emails, even if you have read them. 
com.fsck.k9#50110:	  Little things keep breaking. Certificate errors seem to be fixed, but now I can't mark an email read from the notification panel. 
com.fsck.k9#50116:	  An issue since the last update...It's saying syncing is disabled even though I have it set as always..please fix..otherwise..I love this app. Works consistently & offers so many options for colors & displays. 
com.fsck.k9#50126:	  This a very easy to use app. I have had no problems using it and haven't noticed any glitches or bugs. It's a great alternative to Google's email client that comes with Android, for those of you who are concerned about privacy online. I love the fact that it's open source but I don't know if the code has been thoroughly audited. Having said that I still highly recommend over a proprietary email client. 
com.fsck.k9#50131:	  Developers have done an amazing job addressing bugs. First class app. Can't live without. 
com.fsck.k9#50132:	  After recent updates, Mark read in notification does not work... 
com.fsck.k9#50133:	  I've been usinh this since the start, but the last update really need some fixing ASAP!! The attachment need to go back to the TOP not bottom, why would anyone wants to scroll all the way down just to view the attachment? Second, the loading takes more time just to read email. 
com.fsck.k9#50139:	  App has become a joke Messages take forever to load since last update they used to load instantly. New update still same problem. 
com.fsck.k9#50143:	  Authentication failed for all Gmail accounts. Installed, and reinstalled, many times, the same problem persist. Switched to other email client. 
com.fsck.k9#50145:	  Not showing notifications for mails received to subfolders. In app messages are shown as unread, but no notification appears on tray. Please fix, will be the best highly customisable mail app on market. 
com.fsck.k9#50146:	  Then stopped working. Uninstalled. 
com.fsck.k9#50147:	  After last update, the message zoom priblem has been fixed, so as I promissed, I'm ranking K9 as 5 stars again! It is the best email client for android. Thanks for fixing the issue. 
com.fsck.k9#50148:	  ([Update] It's now January 2017 and sent folder is still 100% useless! Broken for YEARS!) Works great with encryption, but please see how poorly it renders BestBuy deals email and please fix it. Also, sent folder is useless. Only shows email I sent way back in September 2012 (it's now May 2015) 
com.fsck.k9#50149:	  After latest update,page zoom out and auto fit page functions not working properly. 
com.fsck.k9#50150:	  Since one of the latest updates it crashes quite often, but DEFINITELY DOES NOT LET ME TO DELETE OR MARK READ FROM NOTIFICATION. Samsung S7 
com.fsck.k9#50155:	  Thanks for the fix.. Pls fix the bug for all attachment to show on top of message and not all the way below message 
com.fsck.k9#50157:	  Great email app- been using it for ages. Two minor issues I have: one, I'm *constantly* accidentally dragging the scrollbar in the messages list. I don't have this issue in other apps so it seems the behavior could be better. Second, in the recent update, when reading an email with an attachment, you have to scroll all the way to the bottom to see the attachments. Used to you could access them easily from the top. Hope to see this change reverted. Thanks 
com.fsck.k9#50158:	  Thanks for fixing bugs and zoom from last update!!! Back to great. 
com.fsck.k9#50160:	  Apparently fixed for 6.0.1, thanks! In search it doesn't take words, but string. Trailing space is significant so after picking word in type, must backspace. Can't compose or paste formatted text. Can attach pics, but not paste... 
com.fsck.k9#50161:	  I had used k9 for many years as there wasn't another email client nearly half as good or efficient, but the latest update has introduced a number changes that make it significantly slower to use. Bring back the "mark all read" in notification pull down, and let us disable warnings such as confirmation required to"mark all read" in main window. I think these two things will cost me half an hour a day managing my email on the go, that is 3 weeks in a year, I will check back in a few months if these are back. Update 5023 improved and fixed a few things, notification area still needs work, it's hard work trying to get the right message to show the options so you can delete or mark read when each has its own set of options and even Gmail doesn't split the options or message, change for the sake rather than good functional design, thanks for listening on the other things though. 
com.fsck.k9#50164:	  Excellent app, now fully working after latest update and a reinstall. Not sure what was causing the previous failures/IO errors. 
com.fsck.k9#50166:	  Latest update breaks pinch-to-zoom (and crashes app occasionally) and polling folders is much slower than before Whatever the "database update" did, made app interface, and retrieving and searching messages, sloooooower Motorola Droid Maxx 
com.fsck.k9#50167:	  Thanks for the zoom fix! 
com.fsck.k9#50169:	  Great email app. Infrequent updates. Slow to fix issues. Works very well and is simple while still being customizable enough to work the way you want it to. Thanks! 
com.fsck.k9#50170:	  Great app... release 5.0 had led to massive battery drain and freezing. But by 5.2, it's back to greatness, so back to 5 stars! Just waiting for zoom fix... 
com.fsck.k9#50171:	  Loved this mail app on my older phone w/ Gmail, but on my current phone I cannot get it to work with Yahoo email. I'm disappointed. 
com.fsck.k9#50173:	  Used it for years, wouldn't use anything else. 
com.fsck.k9#50174:	  Latest update fixed zooming in a message! 
com.fsck.k9#50178:	  I use it for few years already. App eating my battery in 8 hours. The problem was with trash folder. Probably bad index after the update. It was impossible to just empy the trash. I delete few of them and finally was able to emty the folder. Developers tolerate deleting more than marking all messages as read. User can disable question for deleting, but not for marking them as read.:-? I use it as last operation after read some messages. The rest is ok with just reading the subject. 
com.fsck.k9#50181:	  Pinch to zoom isn't working. Can zoom in using expanding two fingers but then can't scroll to view all parts of the email and can't pinch to re-shrink the email. Moto G4 Plus. 
com.fsck.k9#50188:	  Used to be good, butnthe new version crashes constantly, even when I am using other apps. I had to uninstall it. 
com.fsck.k9#50192:	   Great app providing speed n functionality. Never fails. As a big supporter of open source and it's ideas I recommend K9 with enthusiasm. P.S. Have you donated....? 
com.fsck.k9#50193:	  I used to absolutely love the K-9 mail app, but now it's nothing more than a frustration. No matter what settings I change, it continues to turn off syncing. Sometimes rebooting my phone will fix the problem for a short period of time, but most of the time I have to sync my mail manually. I've read all the comments on forums from other people experiencing the same problem and tried everything they suggested. Nothing changes. I really hope they are working on the problem for a future update. If it doesn't get fixed soon, I'm going to have to switch to another mail app. By the way, I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 with Android version 6.0.1. The version of K-9 Mail I have is 5.202 
com.fsck.k9#50194:	   Since latest upgrade the header will show up but most of the message is missing. Please fix. I've always loved this app until now. 
com.fsck.k9#50195:	   Search function and trying to read a."sent" mail results in a crash. 
com.fsck.k9#50197:	   This was a really good app but it has recently become utterly useless. I thought it was my domain having issues but checking on my PC's and other devices including checking via Gmail it's clear that it's K9 that is broken. Please fix it 
com.fsck.k9#50198:	   Too bad. K-9 used to be great but now it's glitchy, sluggish and looks and feels outdated. My Gmail accounts stop working (login authorization problem) when switching between WiFi and 4G. Yes, K-9 is rich with features but it's still awkward to use. It's just too annoying to deal with. Back too MailDroid, which is much more stable and easier to get around in... 
com.fsck.k9#50202:	   After latest update emails won't load and you can't download attachments. 
com.fsck.k9#50203:	   I can't any longer save the attachments to storage. It's the same for internal or SD storage. Please fix it asap. 
com.fsck.k9#50206:	   I have added an email account that I don't have access to anymore, but I'd still like to have the emails available. Therefor I changed the account settings to never poll the server. Since the last update this doesn't seem to work anymore. I am constantly reminded that the authentication failed. Can you fix this please?...still not fixed after last update. Will give it 5 star when problem is removed. 
com.fsck.k9#50208:	   New version has some issues with pinch zoom and its very bad idea to place link of attachment at the end of email. it should be on top as previously. Apart from that best email app . 
com.fsck.k9#50211:	   Seems the new version is rather laggy at rendering HTML. Also notifications of new emails often open a view of all the email folders rather than the email itself. Please fix these problems. 
com.fsck.k9#50214:	   Super app, no more messing about with Google Mail. Wonderful..... BUT, latest update is a disaster - cannot receive emails, I get "ssl protocol exception error". No advice how to correct. Time to move on to a different app I think. 
com.fsck.k9#50215:	   Had a slight problem with last update in that I kept getting verification errors but that seems to have cured itself. Edit: Uh oh! Spoke too soon..I just turned Blue. 
com.fsck.k9#50217:	   Email does not download email. 
com.fsck.k9#50218:	   No crashes ever until 2017 updates now crashes every 30 seconds. Cannot read a full email before it crashes. Please roll back to 2016 and test before re-updating! 
com.fsck.k9#50219:	   I have been using K-9 Mail for over 2 years due to being stuck with POP3 service on Verizon, and K-9 Mail has increasingly tended to freeze up and sometimes crash; after the update to the latest version available on January 3, 2017, it stopped working entirely. It also sometimes loses messages in composition without saving a Draft. Switched to Blue Mail, which is missing some features important for POP3, but at least works. 
com.fsck.k9#50220:	   Buttons like Mark Read or Delete no longer work properly from the Notifications. I am using app on Samsung S7 edge. Never had a problem before till now. 
com.fsck.k9#50225:	   Really appreciate it! Multi key issue has also been solved by OpenKeychain, thx! 
com.fsck.k9#50226:	   Since the last update, pinch to zoom does not work when reading emails anymore. Testing goes a long way guys.... 
com.fsck.k9#50229:	   The last 2 updates have a problem not clearing the mail icon from the andriod taskbar when the emails are read, and after the email is read and i select the mail icon from the taskbar i get an error. Its also slower to remove the number of new mail from the desktop shortcut. Galaxy S5 UPDATE: this app is becoming useless as it is not deleting or marking messages as read, i select a bunch of messages and delete them and a short while later i get the same messages back again as if i haven't seen them before. 
com.fsck.k9#50230:	  Was great but latest update has stopped pinch zoom working if it's not fixed soon will be moving to blue mail 
com.fsck.k9#50231:	   5 stars prior to latest version - now 2 stars. The latest version introduced many bugs. You can no longer zoom text. Delete a message causes app to crash. Scroll to previous message causes crash. It seems to always end abruptly. There are probably more problems, but I don't want look for them. 
com.fsck.k9#50236:	   Was working fine but now it only sometimes updates the inbox with new emails after polling and pinch to zoom doesn't work properly any more. It really only now works on text only emails. Very disappointing. 
com.fsck.k9#50244:	   I use K-9 because it's the only email app that leaves my Gmail messages "unread" on the server after I open them on my phone. This sudden inability to zoom is rendering that pointless if I can't read the messages on my phone. Please fix ASAP 
com.fsck.k9#50245:	   Version 5.202 has no way of zooming into an email. After using an earlier version of K-9 for about a year, I replaced my S4 with S7 after damage. The New K-9 ver. 4.803 does not have a way to auto wrap an email after zooming and increasing font size. Once you double tap, the old ver auto wrapped the text. 4.803 version just zooms in and out. This is key to my productivity reading emails as now I need scroll rightand leftafter zoomingto read.... and this should be fixed by the developers ASAP 
com.fsck.k9#50251:	  Latest update is hopeless. Now can't send emails from one of my accounts - UPDATE: fixed by recreating accounts, every folder had to be recreated. The new Send screen is of poor design with the contacts taking up too much room. The app now crashes every so often, didn't happen before. Very disappointed. 
com.fsck.k9#50253:	   The pinch zoom has stopped working now after new app update. Why spoil this function when it was working fine before. Also problems logging in to IMAP mail now using SSL/TSL security which I never had on previous releases. If k9 works ok before then don't fix it and mess it up! 
com.fsck.k9#50255:	   Stopped working after last updates... 
com.fsck.k9#50256:	   It's very old shool type mailing app. Though it has a lot of funtionalities, but not for me because I am a casual email checker who fails to organize inboxes with it. 
com.fsck.k9#50257:	   The latest updates have ruined this once-great app! It crashes, force-closes, and when I reply to messages all the text that I am replying to is a dark blue and cannot be seen. I even downloaded earlier versions to install, but V5.0 which 'might' fix the problem fails to see my import back-up file. So until it's fixed, we're all just stuck. WHY update an app that was working?! I'm a long-time user, but will have to switch apps if this isn't fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50259:	  Great app. Have used it for some time. Unfortunately, started crashing every minute. So frustrating. Had to finally uninstall. Can't give higher rating until latest updates get fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50264:	   Android 7.1.1 -- app works great when charging; syncs perfect, notifications removed from status bar when emails opened, etc. However, when not charging sync constantly disabling, notifications not removing from status bar when emails opened, etc. First time user of app and like the look and customization options however the syncing issue is a problem. 
com.fsck.k9#50265:	   Compacting account do not work any more on Xperia Z3 
com.fsck.k9#50266:	   Each update causes problems with features that used to work correctly. Now you can't pinch the screen to change the font size. Very disturbing. 
com.fsck.k9#50269:	   In Accounts when you select an individual account options pop up. I used to select "clear messages" to remove all local messages, since 2 updates ago this has ceased to work on both my phone and tablet. Appears to do so but size does not reduce. Tried to find link from K9 its self to report but end up with host Github. It would be good to be able to report errors from app without spoiling feedback for this great app. Back to 5 stars when fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50271:	   Lightweight. Free from ads and does what I need most. But few things needs to be fixed: timeout when fetching emails, sometimes it keeps fetching. And sometimes sender name is shown wrongly. 
com.fsck.k9#50273:	  K9 somehow fail to detect cryptography app installed after the latest update. How come???? 
com.fsck.k9#50276:	   Version 5.202 cannot save any attached file in an e-mail to phone. 
com.fsck.k9#50277:	   Can't use two-factor authentication with Yahoo or Gmail. Had to stop using this app because I locked down my accounts. 
com.fsck.k9#50278:	   Crashes constantly. I also don't understand why i cannot move emails in trash (deleted in error) back into my inbox! Its just not possible and should be! In the trash can they cannot be fully loaded or replied to. 
com.fsck.k9#50286:	   K-9 is a very feature rich email client and I've been using it for years. Some bugs from time to time but nothing serious and when others have inserted ads, full screen even, K-9 has remained ad free! 
com.fsck.k9#50289:	   5 years ago I helped a coworker move over to K-9 when she had some problems with the built-in email app and a 3rd party mail server. It did a great job where the other failed and saved us all a lot of headaches. Fast forward to October 2015, when I got my first Android phone, and I'm facing a similar situation. Didn't take me long to remember K-9. I installed it on my phone and I haven't looked back. It does a great job and is very customizable. Thanks! 
com.fsck.k9#50291:	   You guys fixed an old problem, so this needed an update. Some features aren't very intuitive, but overall, very good. 
com.fsck.k9#50294:	  A complete and mature email client, the best offered in play store, never had issues with it. Developers please consider making k9mail for windows PC! 
com.fsck.k9#50300:	   I've been using K-9 for years and loved it. Unfortunately the latest releases (5.1 and up) are so full of bugs and annoying/unnecessary UI changes that it's become unusable. I don't know what new programmers or philosophy you now have but you've managed to take what was probably the best Android email client and destroyed it. Luckily I was able to downgrade to an older version and will use it for the time being until I have to find something else. For those out there who haven't upgraded yet DON'T! 
com.fsck.k9#50301:	   There are so many issues after the last update that had to uninstall the app and go to a different client. I don't have the time nor the desire to do your quality control testing. 
com.fsck.k9#50302:	   Used to work smoothly and fast, but after the latest update the scrolling and zooming inside emails are a pain. Definitely needs a fix. 
com.fsck.k9#50304:	   Like many have noted, the latest update appears broken. Main issues, for me, are account sizes now showing arbitrary large values even when completely empty & that the app now appears randomly laggy. In particular, zooming & panning are often unresponsive & are very erratic when they do respond. Shouldn't be like this in current phones like Samsung Galaxy S7. Really liked this app, so please roll back & fix issues in meantime. Looking forward to giving its 5 stars back. 
com.fsck.k9#50311:	   Roll back the update, until you have a working release. This is pretty unacceptable. If I don't see a fix or some sort of announcement indicating you are working on a fix, I'm done with this app. Worked fine for years. Now it's useless and I am most worried I have lost information I keep no where else. Shame on me for that. But greater shame on you. I'll never fully trust your app again. 
com.fsck.k9#50313:	   Attachments used to show on top of emails in earlier versions have now gone down at bottom of the thread. I am a k-9 user on android for about 5 years. Had issue with it for the first time. Kindly fix or give some option to roll back to earlier version. Thanks. 
com.fsck.k9#50315:	  Most regretful update! I have used this app for many years. So far so good until the recent two updates that failed the authentication check. Worse-still, after retrying, it ended up having one of my email accounts blocked as if it's hijacked. This happened on all my devices so I believe it's not device- or os- specific, and I believe mine is not an isolated case. I am going to uninstall this irresponsible app for good. 
com.fsck.k9#50316:	   It was working really well until the last update, now I can no longer send or receive mail and get connection errors. From the number of reviewers complaining I'm not the only one, if I were K9 I'd roll back the release before everyone moves on. 
com.fsck.k9#50320:	   Loved this app until the latest update. Now I can't connect to any servers to retrieve emails. Frustration reigns, time lost and still can't get my emails. :( 
com.fsck.k9#50322:	   Was great till recent update that crashes its database. Some emails that can be opened previously now not able to.. now even manual fetching of email become so slow and sometimes hang... :-( 
com.fsck.k9#50324:	  Worked really great for years, but the last update (January 2017) broke the auto syncing. In my accounts folder the header says "Sync is disabled" and I have to manually sync now. PLEASE FIX THIS, it has only started doing this with the latest update and makes k9 essentially useless. 
com.fsck.k9#50325:	   My go to email app. With the update I can't sync with the server and am not getting any emails 
com.fsck.k9#50326:	   Edit - Email doesn't download anymore, and it DESTROYS my battery now. Please fix this or simply pull the update. The stock Android email client was giving me fits receiving email. This free solution cured my problems and seems to work better overall. Love it. 
com.fsck.k9#50329:	  Have loved the app in the past, but last update broke some important things. This is on my Samsung 12.1 tablet. First, it no longer displays the subject line above the current message, now just the send and receive addresses. Second, zooming in and scrolling in an email is broken. Would love to go back to a 5 star review, hopefully a (tested) fix is coming soon. 
com.fsck.k9#50331:	  Nice to have an update from time to time, but "Mark Read" option on notifications stopped working, can you please look? Otherwise, keep up with the great work! 
com.fsck.k9#50333:	   Authentication of Office365 account fails even though details have not changed 
com.fsck.k9#50334:	   Was working great till last android update. No longer auto fits to screen. Lost ability to enlarge email. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#50336:	   Used for years, but after latest update html is not working correctly in the body of messages 
com.fsck.k9#50338:	  Worked perfectly in previous versions. However, v5.201 crashes whenever one steels to view an email on Samsung Galaxy s5. 
com.fsck.k9#50340:	  It seems that v5.201 was released without much testing. It reports null pointer dereference on one of my accounts and ssl handshake error on the other plus there is annoying confirmation dialog on mark all as read which can't be switched off. Version 5.010 is working OK. 
com.fsck.k9#50341:	  It's very good but last version 5.010 is draining the battery (59% use). v5.201: can't use it. App gets stuck trying to upgrade database. 
com.fsck.k9#50344:	    doesn't display controls when reading individual emails. The version before that sucked with the 'upgrading database' problem. 
com.fsck.k9#50350:	  This is the best Android mail app. However one annoying tiny bug is that messages don't auto fit on my phone. Even with the option selected, it still does not fit (width). Not sure if this is an Android issue or with the app. 
com.fsck.k9#50351:	   Previously mentioned issue with headers turned out to be a lack of documentation. Full marks for the rapid response to the issue notification. Still some cosmetic UI bugs in each release, some that shouldn't have made it past alpha testing, but no "showstoppers". 
com.fsck.k9#50355:	   Brilliant mail app that ahead of its time lord. A small issue with the favourites starin the message list. It is placed over the message list slide so when you try to select the star the app moves the message list down the page. Forcing me to go into each message to add the star. Would be great if you could move the star over to the left side under the multi select boxes so they can be used in the same manner to avoid this frustration. Each a bit bigger would also be great for easier selection problems. 
com.fsck.k9#50357:	   Bugs reported 5 years ago, still ignored. New version, new bugs and annoyances.. Confirmation dialog on "mark as read". Epic zoom and scroll fubar. 
com.fsck.k9#50360:	   I have used this for years and loved it now with.the update I have problem with the mail format. Can't get rid of the From To CC BCC and description. It used to just have To: and Description. Anyhow I cannot fix so have uninstalled. Help! 
com.fsck.k9#50364:	   The upgrading of database still doesn't work. I have not been able to access my emails still. 
com.fsck.k9#50376:	  Used to be better. Dropping APG for a gpg solution that doesn't work was colossally stupid. 
com.fsck.k9#50382:	   Was great until the update caused Authentication failed notifications even when password reentered. Will put back to 5 stars when it's fixed as it really WAS a great app for multiple emails. Can save to SD card. Can set to auto sync or you can just manually check mail. Best I've found by far. Have been using it for ages now....until this rubbish update. If not fixed will delete. Please fix :) 
com.fsck.k9#50383:	   Fantastic quality, especially for an open source app. Minor issues over the years, usually fixed quickly. 
com.fsck.k9#50384:	   Can't access any emails or make backups thanks to latest update. 
com.fsck.k9#50385:	   The new update always gives me auth fail for gmail... 
com.fsck.k9#50386:	   2017 UPDATE (original review 2013) - For approx' 5 years I've used K9 as my main email client. The setup is still a problem, complete hit or miss. Hours are spent on forums trying to find the correct settings for accounts to work correctly. The auto settings used by the app simply do not access accounts (Yahoo!) correctly. The best app ONCE SETUP, but setup really makes this awful. 
com.fsck.k9#50387:	   Feature packed and open source, what's not to like? The only bad thing I can think of is the lame one star reviews from ungrateful and entitled pathetic losers that are not able to use the issue tracker. 
com.fsck.k9#50389:	  This is a great app. Have been using it for years. However with the last update, K9 keeps giving me (and my wife) authentication failed messages even when I re-enter passwords. I even tried changing passwords for two email accounts. The constant notifications are pretty annoying and have finally had to block k9 notifications. Is there a way to roll back to the previous update? I still give you five stars for outstanding work. Thanks. 
com.fsck.k9#50390:	  Was great until recent update. Once I open mail it crashes out. 
com.fsck.k9#50393:	   Deleting an email from the notification does not dismiss the notification. When you then go into the message it doesn't exist and errors 
com.fsck.k9#50394:	   I love the options to customize the look, the colors, dark theme. Have used for several months without one problem. I have several accounts and so easy to get all my messages in one app. UPDATE 12/3/16 I had to uninstall this app. It will only fetch and send emails for 2 out of 3 of my accounts. I downloaded a different email app and I get all my email. I wrote to the developer twice for assistance and got no reply. 
com.fsck.k9#50395:	  Excellent email app . It has never failed and is easy to use. Does exactly what it says it does. 
com.fsck.k9#50398:	   Crashes trying to delete IMAP messages every time. Although It is the ONLY app I found capable of sorting messages and showing Internet headers, the reliability of some of these advanced function is only so-so for large numbers of messages (10k). Sorting by sender does not appear to work at all and sorting by date (sent) vs. received date only sort of worked. So overall a bit disappointing. 
com.fsck.k9#50400:	   Latest update fixed it ... Many thanks for keeping on top of this ... SGS3 
com.fsck.k9#50403:	   Cannot use with new Yahoo secure sign in. 
com.fsck.k9#50406:	   Things that no longer work: - list items don't gray out after reading them - unable to mark or place a star on listed mail - deletion mail from within them doesn't work, moving a piece of mail to a folder doesn't move it - not all mail in list is present 
com.fsck.k9#50409:	   Since the update all I can do is upgrade folders, then it crashes. I hope a fix is coming soon. 
com.fsck.k9#50410:	   Just upgraded to the new version today. Now my "checking for email" speed is at least 10 times slower. What's up? Please fix... I've been very happy with K9 until now. 
com.fsck.k9#50417:	   Keeps losing my settings. I filed a bug report and they ignored it. Also the settings import is broken, so I have to keep manually setting it up every few weeks. Very frustrating. 
com.fsck.k9#50423:	   You can't use the star on the right side to star a message, because you will hit the hitbox of the scrollbar and scroll to that position. Works neither in portrait nor in landscape mode :( besides that, the app is truly amazing ! 
com.fsck.k9#50430:	   Been using this for years but the time is right to move on. Just too poor and old. And it's starting to be a pain. Also, what's the point in spam folder when you can't mark things as spam? Could be a little more simple when setting up (like auto poll not working until background sync is set to always) but once sorted it's a good mail client (other than the above issues). But it's never going to evolve. Bye, was good to begin with. 
com.fsck.k9#50431:	   But it doesn't work with 2 step encryption now, can't even log in... 
com.fsck.k9#50433:	   It has worked well for me across many different phones, but push notifications have stopped working for some time and I'm missing emails, so I've had to move to another app. 
com.fsck.k9#50442:	   But it's been crashing and hanging constantly, and it takes FOREVER to get thru my email. Needs serious fixes! 
com.fsck.k9#50448:	   works pretty good. looks ugly. battery hog. im a long time user and have recently switched to bluemail because of battery drain issues. goodbye, k-9 mail. 
com.fsck.k9#50453:	   a few glitches. sometimes mail gets stuck in the outbox or fails to delete messages or fails to load a message. it seems that the developers have given up on it. its main advantage is that it does not seem to snoop on user's data and has no ads. 
com.fsck.k9#50458:	   Google's Gmail app and Samsung's email app are terrible so here I am. My only (small) gripe with K9 is that the long press is too sensitive and calendar items don't open in my calendar app. 
com.fsck.k9#50462:	   Using google pixel, the app auto defaults to "syncing disabled" I have to manually refresh the sync. Running marshmallow, will update if it gets fixed 
com.fsck.k9#50465:	   1. Now facing an error on android 6.0 Attachment cannot be saved and save path cannot be changed.... 2. Just a little wish: I would like an option to give unique notification sounds for messages. Not the default system sound which is for sms. 
com.fsck.k9#50466:	  Works great. Never had a problem so far. Full of features, but you have to take the time to go through them. 
com.fsck.k9#50470:	  good. some bugs happens, not often. 
com.fsck.k9#50473:	   What happened to My gmail. I've been using this app for years because it gave me some accessibility with the dark mode but last week all my Gmail accounts are no longer downloading, just aol now. So I left and found BlueMail which now also has this accessibility dark mode. 4 days no email from google does any one even support this app anymore. YOU NEED TO FIX IT. 
com.fsck.k9#50475:	   With Yahoo and Gmail I get not the right user name or password. Tried web address for problems no place to send issue request. Works go on pop3 and Hotmail. Will change star if fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50479:	   Gmail ok but No connection to yahoo says security issues. Maildroid seems to be only one that handles that correctly 
com.fsck.k9#50480:	   Cannot login to my gmail, guess why. Sorry. 
com.fsck.k9#50485:	   Ver 5.010 "Sync always" does not work when Google auto sync setting are enabled. You have to set k9 to sync when auto sync is on. 
com.fsck.k9#50486:	  I can't connect my work exchange account. I like the app, but I can't use it until I can connect to my work email. 
com.fsck.k9#50488:	   Unfortunately K9 crashes randomly on Android 6.01 (Moto g4 plus). At times the stored emails get corrupted. 
com.fsck.k9#50493:	   Initially worked, it rejected cert. but I accepted the cert having manually checked it with another site.Although could read mail it wouldn't autosync. Can't edit connection after initial setup as far as I can see so reinstalled having read that initially setting up over WiFi may have been the problem (!). Then wouldn't connect at all without WiFi. And wouldn't then connect with WiFi. Attempt to file bug, submit new issue button is greyed out after I type it all in. What a ** waste of my time. 
com.fsck.k9#50494:	  Update doesn't work. 
com.fsck.k9#50503:	   I used this for years, but since it started crashing every day, I'll have to start looking for something better. 
com.fsck.k9#50508:	   Used it long time. When will 'syncing disabled' be fixed? Problem started with android 6. Now on android 7 automatic syncing impossible. And yes, I have tried 'all' suggestions. 
com.fsck.k9#50510:	   The app only checks for mail when I open it, which isn't very useful. Maybe it's caused by me being in China, but given that the mail server is in China also I fail to see why it doesn't work correctly. 
com.fsck.k9#50516:	   Does a great job but when working with GPG it sometimes fails to open the encrypted mail and only displays an unusable file. Sometimes it stays in an endless loop of synchronisation so I have to use the settings to stop the app. Otherwhise perfect 
com.fsck.k9#50523:	   I've been using this for a long time. Now everytime I try to delete mail it freezes and crashes. Reported bug many times and not so much as a response from it. 
com.fsck.k9#50524:	  Running a 6P AND a Pixel Xl. I once loved K9,but now DOZE has liked it,if the phone is unused for a time,you get a "sync disabled" message. I have emailed for help,-0-. Fix it,or pull it. 
com.fsck.k9#50526:	   It is good interface, but push nail do not work and dep end entirely on polling. Is there any guide to do so? I do not remember, but proably I saw a screen during installation that it do not support the popular email like hotmail, yahoo, gmail etc.... Any way how to get this push thing work? 
com.fsck.k9#50527:	   As I said light notification not working on Samsung s7 . Needs some polishing . Sometimes not synching. 
com.fsck.k9#50530:	   Well I left K9 after years because it stopped syncing. But no other Android app compares. Now after reinstalling it works. I think the issue all along was the Android. 6 update. Could have been some conflict and reinstall fixed it? 
com.fsck.k9#50535:	   Doesn't automatically get my email since I have updated to Nuget. Please fix. Awesome otherwise. 
com.fsck.k9#50539:	   Unfortunately the app no longer fetches email automatically, i have to go into the app and manually refresh each inbox to recieve mail. Since i need to be notified of emails as they come in, this makes the app useless to me. I'll reinstall once they fix this bug, but until then i cannot recommend this app. 
com.fsck.k9#50542:	   Used for about two years. Three weeks ago sent email with improper address. Was rejected by system. Corrected address, then sent. Since then, notification comes every five minutes regarding "email failed to send." Annoying enough that I finally uninstalled today and will check out newer apps. 
com.fsck.k9#50545:	   Been using k9 for ages. Love it. But recently I have tried to add a new Gmail account but it failed. I get an automated email from Gmail saying that an insecure or outdated client tried to access the account. K9 please fix this! 
com.fsck.k9#50553:	  Decent app, but it always stops syncing randomly, then I have to open it, close it, open it, close it, then it says syncing is disabled(?) then I close it and open it again a few times and it starts resync'ing. Simply stopped working on Nougat. I never syncs until I manually open the app. Useless mail software. Time to move on to a competitor, this looks like abandonware. 
com.fsck.k9#50555:	   Never had any problems keep up the good work 
com.fsck.k9#50556:	   Lately I've been having issues where it won't push emails for hours. I'll try to manually refresh and it shows there are emails but it won't "grab" them. I have to uninstall the app and reinstall monthly. Looking for new app. 
com.fsck.k9#50565:	  During Adroid 6.01 is on Doze Mode, no new emails get received. Exclude from battery save list doesn't help. No fix? 
com.fsck.k9#50567:	   I still use it but the app crashes then emails don't load properly. After the update it's a huge disappointment 
com.fsck.k9#50570:	   Crashes every time I select more than a few emails for deletion. Also, hard to visually distinguish between read and unread. Uninstalling.. 
com.fsck.k9#50573:	   Used this app for a year now, overall it's great but it does not work with Microsoft exchange. 
com.fsck.k9#50585:	   Have used K-9 Mail for years, since recent update? Unified Inbox fails to show new messages. Can still see new mail in individual inboxes. Will there be a fix??????? 
com.fsck.k9#50589:	  Keep getting "no text" or "no subject" connection error when I open mail 
com.fsck.k9#50591:	  Has nice interface and functions but keeps on overheating my phone and crashing 
com.fsck.k9#50592:	   When the display is off for a couple of hours, push notifications aren't sent any more and a manual poll has to be done to resolve the issue. Update: Now, even manual polling gets stuck. Switched to GMX app where push works even after I get up in the morning. After using K-9 for so long, this seems like a miracle to me.... 
com.fsck.k9#50597:	   Despite wifi set to 'on' when my two devices sleep, and power saving set to automatic (3 days of no use before the app is not allowed to run in the background), sync turns off within an hour after both devices go to sleep. It can only be turned on by clearing the app out of memory and restarting it. Very annoying. It never did this under Android 5.x. 
com.fsck.k9#50600:	   Used for 2 years but has consistently failed to deliver e-mails addressed only to me, unless they're spam. They get delivered right away on any other client I use... 
com.fsck.k9#50602:	   There are lots of issues, but the latest bug is in that when sending emails they often time out instantly and I get a "failed to send" notification in my notification bar and they remain in the outbox. Then when I open the outbox and select "send emails" from the drop down menu they get sent instantly. 
com.fsck.k9#50607:	    app, but it crashes when it is used with Orbot and Orwall 
com.fsck.k9#50612:	   ing on nougat. Can't use it 
com.fsck.k9#50615:	   For some reason today this has just stopped working. I've cleared my cache, now tried uninstalling and reinstalling but get so far in the setting up process and each time the app just crashes, over and over. Today I missed a very important email because of this, and STILL can't get it to work. Very unhappy. 
com.fsck.k9#50621:	   Syncing correctly on Motorola phone, but as of a few weeks ago no longer displays notifications (they are switched on for the app and other apps all working fine). You don't put dates for your releases (!) so no idea when the app auto updated to 5 & if this is the reason. 2 stars for what should be 5. Please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#50626:	   Sync is disabled with no way to enable it, so notifications don't work. Pretty useless that way! 
com.fsck.k9#50636:	   Have used this app for many years on three phones. Only in the past two months has this app quit syncing email regularly. Have searched forums. Wish this could be fixed because I really liked this app! 
com.fsck.k9#50644:	  Didn't worked 
com.fsck.k9#50647:	  Initially, it was good but later on i see error and blank text while open my email. Can't use now. 
com.fsck.k9#50649:	   It has developed bugs with various updations. I have stopped using it. Go for blue mail which is the best application for emails. 
com.fsck.k9#50654:	  Great APP, Horrible widget For as long as I've been on Android, I've used K-9 email along with MailListWidget for K-9. For some reason, the MailListWidget is no longer available and I can't get it to install on my Note 7. So I now have no unread email list widget. Which means I'm using the standard Android email client. Why, after all these years have you not built a mail list widget?! I have always liked having a list of new emails listed right on my home screen and I could select the one I wanted to read. Now I have to open the client, hit each folder to find out what new emails I have. Love K-9, HATE the lack of widget support. Since K-9 doesn't meet my needs any more, I give it a 3 instead of the 5 I would give it on my Note 4 where the third party widget still worked. Wish K-9 had a native mail list widget. 
com.fsck.k9#50657:	   Error while entering email then crashes 
com.fsck.k9#50675:	   You can attach photos and rubbish but you cannot attach anything in any of your folders like a doc or a pdf... not on my android 4... so what is the problem... this is the most vital of features. Next you cant share to whatapp on android 4. You cant save to a different location... just stock location. You cant select some headings text on an email... why... because it is unselectable... why... only the programmer can say... if it cannot connect to your server it does not give you a warning... what !!. 
com.fsck.k9#50677:	   I've used K9 for years and now multiple errors - "syncing disabled" & also "next sync 7 hours ago" (and other various times) in other words the syncing has stalled. Do I really have to find another email app k9 dog walkers? 
com.fsck.k9#50682:	  Error 
com.fsck.k9#50685:	   5 stars,I prefer how reliable the k9 mail program is and rarely crashes. 
com.fsck.k9#50691:	   Doesn't open images in mails they hv to download from attachment 
com.fsck.k9#50698:	   It solved my IMAP problem 
com.fsck.k9#50709:	   Has lots of great features but it continually stopped syncing so I wasn't receiving my mail. I managed to get it sync again only to have it quit again a day or two later. I finally got tired of it and uninstalled it. 
com.fsck.k9#50710:	   Connection Error msg, when opening any email, works after 2 or 3 attempts. 
com.fsck.k9#50717:	  K-9 Mail client is simply the best and the most versatile way of working with your inbox on the phone. I've been using it since 2009 on a number of Android devices and never had any issues with the app. Extremely fast, reliable and configurable, doesn't drain battery even with the frequent push-notifications enabled, has intuitive interface, and does exactly what it has to do. K-9 Mail is also smart enough to recognize necessary settings for the majority of ISPs, making the initial setup effortless. Thank you guys for this decent open-source software. 
com.fsck.k9#50727:	   Won't sync says it pills email but messages are not revised received 
com.fsck.k9#50732:	   When i click in the k9 new mail notification nothing happens and the notification disappears. Sync is not working properly. 
com.fsck.k9#50742:	   If you get problems with Google blocking account setup then try turning on "Allow less secure apps" from your Google account's "Connected Apps & Sites" page. 
com.fsck.k9#50746:	   I love this app. The problems started after the last two upgrades. Now when you open an email and try to enlarge it, it just makes it larger than the screen width. It used to re adjust and keep the email screen width and made it longer. Is there a setting for this or is there a program error? July 13 2016. This app has quit functioning properly as of today. I can only get to my starred email list. The inbox is not accessible. Can this be fixed? 
com.fsck.k9#50755:	   Not getting any email. Tried another app, I had 25 unopened. Bye dog! 
com.fsck.k9#50758:	   Was so happy to see able to load onto phone. But sadly that was as far as it got. Still not working on imap settings identical to inbuilt email app 
com.fsck.k9#50759:	  For what ever reason sync stopped working on 2 of my devices. I deleted and reinstalled imported setting from a working state and NOTHING Takes for ever to receive notifications on email.... PLEASE FIX 
com.fsck.k9#50762:	   The best email Android client I've found so far. BUT - GMAIL HAS BLOCKED access on K9. So are you going to fix this or not?? Please respond for all your long time users. 
com.fsck.k9#50763:	   Push mail has not been working for some time, meaning delayed incoming mail. Too many settings. Some user interface problems. Otherwise good. 
com.fsck.k9#50765:	   But sometimes the application stucks in refreshing state and doesn't receive latest updates. This can be fixed only by application force stop. 
com.fsck.k9#50769:	  Auto sync doesn't work 
com.fsck.k9#50773:	   I'm using it since the beginning. I switched from Samsung to Huawei and the "unread" widget is 2x2 eating too much space. Can it be fixed somehow? 
com.fsck.k9#50775:	  good email client app. My only issue is when selecting a contact to send to, it always shows the error 'no email address could be found for this contact' - though they all had emails defined! 
com.fsck.k9#50776:	   It's been 3 years that I have this problem in Cyanogen. Any ideas why? Any workarounds, instead of rebooting (ie adding a button to kill the thread)? 
com.fsck.k9#50783:	  Can't login to my yorku mail account 
com.fsck.k9#50785:	  Very frustrating, cannot find how to change account information (servers, passwords, etc.) anywhere. It prompts you for that info on setup, but then no obvious way to change. 
com.fsck.k9#50795:	   Some emails get bugged and i can't view them 
com.fsck.k9#50796:	   Really like app, can display msgs and headers exactly how you want to. Biggest problem is retrieving gmail headers is slow and hit n miss along with viewing emails often will not view. Has great search function, but yet again is not reliable when searching gmail databse.. Pls fix these problems. Can be 5 Star. 
com.fsck.k9#50799:	   I have only been using it for a few months and right now what I find "surprising" is that there seems to not be a single tap way of replying. I mean, are you pooping me? Other than that, so far it seems like it might be okay. But we'll see. UNFORTUNATELY, I actually stopped using it, because attaching pics, they go out full size. THIS IS ON A PHONE. Not like I've got the dexterity or inclination to work in multiple apps just to send pictures that won't use all my data. 
com.fsck.k9#50800:	   Problems with the new update. K9 is not opening. Any suggestions? 
com.fsck.k9#50801:	   Latest version saved an email sent using account B and signed with a pgp signature to the sent folder of account A. The two accounts are in no way related and this should not even be possible. Major bug that needs to be fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50804:	   ....until I set up an IMAP account to access Time Warner email and found that K-9 doesn't seem to handle IMAP very well. However, a couple of calls to TW may shed some light on the problems. 
com.fsck.k9#50812:	   ...but way too much to go through to set up. Also, there seems to be no way to update your password once it's changed, other than uninstalling and reinstalling (which means going through the extensive setup again). EDIT: The set up is still too exhaustive, but this is by far the best client app I've used (since the security issue with gMail has been addressed). 
com.fsck.k9#50820:	  Excellent all-round mail client for easy handling of all your various mail accounts. Clean user interface with focus on good usage. No useless eye-candy. Mail as mail should be. 
com.fsck.k9#50825:	   I have to say the ui looks horribly dated its dark theme is holo black you guys should update to material theme I can't use this app it looks like its from 2012. 
com.fsck.k9#50826:	   Fails to forward, fails to tell you!... Can't resend. Pretty rubbish Regratably. 
com.fsck.k9#50827:	   but when it comes to UI and design, it's a complete failure. Android has moved on past Jellybean. Wake up guys, it's 2016. Also there are absolutely no gestures that could make life easier and the long-press-actions are too many 
com.fsck.k9#50830:	   Alot of great features. However it has issues with email syncing and it can drain your battery unexpectedly. There's no easy way to kill a sync job without force quitting the app, inherently the app should kill any sync attempt that takes an excessive amount of time but it doesn't. 
com.fsck.k9#50832:	   I like K-9 a lot. My only complaint is that it regularly stops syncing for no reason, showing a "" message. But if I manually sync, it will usually start syncing again... for a while, anyway. 
com.fsck.k9#50833:	   The latest upgrade just broke K9. Random certificate errors. Please fix this ASAP. 
com.fsck.k9#50834:	   Hi there guys. This app was the best app for emails till date. I hoped that it stays on my phone for ever but the recent sync issues have been a problem for me. Even though setting everything properly it doesn't give me push notifications for the new emails, and always displays syncing disabled which I have not. Fix this problem will return back to 5 stars. 
com.fsck.k9#50837:	   I am using it for about a year now and just love it. The decryption and verification with pgp works like a charm, though sometimes it quotes the encrypted message in a reply (rare cases). There is however 1 thing that bugs me, I never use the instant reply button in the notification, but sometimes I wold love to instantly delete some spam messages preferably right in the notification (I do unfortunately get quite a lot of those). Oh and maybe a function to search all the messages on an imap server. 
com.fsck.k9#50839:	   There is so much to like about this app. It is with real regret that I am probably going to uninstall it because I can't get it to work for me. I am using it on Android 6 with eight accounts using pop3. The problem is that mail is downloaded on some accounts only to disappear, never to be seen again. I have googled this (and the problem is widespread) but no answers that work. I am prepared to believe that it is a configuration issue but I am obviously too thick to work it out. And there is no manual. 
com.fsck.k9#50840:	    not working since last year. It was never fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#50843:	   I keep getting a connection error when I open emails in my Hotmail and yahoo email. It says connection error and then shows a blank email. Please fix! Thanks 
com.fsck.k9#50845:	   Often doesn't send mail, gives me a fail to send error, I've switch to using my browser which is what I used to on my laptop before it died. I'm out of work and need something reliable. 
com.fsck.k9#50846:	   I love that you can store messages on the SD card as I was running out of memory on the device storage. I have Exchange sync perfectly an IMAP account and also Gmail and everything works perfectly. For people having issues with Exchange Google which URL you are supposed to use. 
com.fsck.k9#50848:	   5 starts if issue is resolved. App keeps restarting in the background, lagging the phone and eating the battery. Pls solve this else I have to uninstal it. Experia Z1 
com.fsck.k9#50862:	   Tried the app on my nexus 7 for my work exchange mails, but it failed to work. Could not find server even though the settings work fine with lots of other mail clients. Surprised that this highly rated app struggles to do automatically find ones exchange account and set it up accordingly. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. 
com.fsck.k9#50863:	   I like k9, but it's a major battery drainer on the latest Android. Also according to the reports on the intarwebs I am not alone with that problem. Apparently it does let your phone go to deep sleep (wake lock and/or mobile active) 
com.fsck.k9#50869:	   I actually love the app but for some reason I cannot sync with my hotmail account. Any suggestions 
com.fsck.k9#50871:	   Work Exchange or personal POP3/IMAP, I've tried all three and k9 won't connect to any of them. I find it odd that no other mail app I've used had this problem, yet this is supposed to be one of the best mail apps available. 
com.fsck.k9#50874:	   I've used this ever since i got my first android phone over five years ago, and love it. The only thing that could be better is a fix for starring emails - when tapping the star on an email, it scrolls the interface instead. 
com.fsck.k9#50881:	   Sad to uninstall K9 as I have used it for years. I like its visual approach among other things. But its become buggy/unstable and now I am faced with syncing disabled and no way to fix it. Emailed support and was directed to the manual and G+ community. No fix in manual and post to community asking for help unanswered. Had no choice but to make the switch to another email client for android. Sorry K9 but I guess all good things end. Bye! 
com.fsck.k9#50886:	   There is no info where I am. I want a global setting for storing mail. I WANT A GLOBAL APP PASSWORD! Same for number of mail to scan for. Same for other settings too. The app is badly structured. Half an hour ago I had to reboot my i9195 device to make K9 stop syncing. I don't want auto sync. I don't understand what the f*ck the app is doing. I hate this stupid app. 2016-05-04 Uninstalled the app. I use a payed R2Mail now. 
com.fsck.k9#50888:	   At the very start it states the the majority of free hotmail accounts won't work. I use hotmail almost exclusively. A lot of people do. I like that the developers don't mind reviews but want a chance to fix a problem. Only thing is the app itself says it doesn't work. I was hopeful but now disappointed. 
com.fsck.k9#50889:	  Does not work with Hotmail. Like so many other mail clients. Microsoft... 
com.fsck.k9#50890:	  Can't open my exchange email 
com.fsck.k9#50895:	   Being a Whovian for many years, i remember when Tom Baker got that tin mutt, but my previous adventure with this email client wasn't good. Now it can't do automatic setups! Even providing an SSH server is a Machts nichts help. What IS your problem? 
com.fsck.k9#50915:	   Keep getting no text connection error 
com.fsck.k9#50916:	   So recently I've been having problems with K9 mail and despite my best efforts it still persists. I have had problems checking my other accounts on it after checking one of them, for instance if I check one email account and then try to check another the program just hangs. I have to clear the cache and force a stop for it to work again. So that being said I'm switching. 
com.fsck.k9#50917:	   4/06/2012 - A little outdated in how it looks, could be better in describing how to setup ie actually give the option for push or manual sync. Add a schedule for when mail is synced and then give option to just manual sync etc outside of those times. These are only things tying me to stock! 23/4/2016 - same applies....only this time gmail fails to configure as the app doesn't comply with modern security standards...oh well..2nd attempt in 4 years ends in disappointment again.. 
com.fsck.k9#50926:	   It was a good app ,I have been using it since 2 yrs but now their is problem with the emails 
com.fsck.k9#50931:	   When did all the forced closes (crashes) start? This app has become really unstable. 
com.fsck.k9#50936:	   Seems it doesn't want to accept my works email exchange account. Keeps saying a valid url for the exchange account could not be found. It's funny because plenty of other email apps don't have a problem. And why are the time and date on the emails so far behind the actual time and date? Get it sorted, K9! 
com.fsck.k9#50942:	   I have used and loved this app for several years and thought it was the best email app our there. But on my new S7, I am having nothing but trouble. Constant problems when sending emails and crashes at least 4 times a day. I will be uninstalling and trying to find another app. 
com.fsck.k9#50943:	   Only problem right now is since my phone upgraded to Marshmallow, emails don't resize. Hopefully they'll fix this soon 
com.fsck.k9#50944:	   Used to be great, but now crashes (stops) several times each day on my new phone. Getting ready to uninstall if not resolved soon. 
com.fsck.k9#50950:	   Frequently outgoing mail's fail ..error 500 or something like that..hours trying no use..It stressed me lot.. 
com.fsck.k9#50954:	   Everywhere, except home, no issues. At home, using Comcast, the program hangs, and I have to stop and restart it, to be able to check Yahoo mail. Comcast is the issue, but other mail clients don't have that issue. Strange situation, to me. 
com.fsck.k9#50955:	   Stopped working with virgin media 
com.fsck.k9#50961:	   Please fix, otherwise fine. 
com.fsck.k9#50965:	  It doesn't register as even being on the phone so when I find it in the bin strait away 
com.fsck.k9#50966:	   Can't fault what it does. Last issue was sorted out in 24 hours. 
com.fsck.k9#50967:	   Work well. Under active development so bugs are fixed quickly. 
com.fsck.k9#50983:	  Sorry, it now crashes and has become unusable. 
com.fsck.k9#51013:	  What a load of rubbish as I couldn't get into anything after down loading app 
com.fsck.k9#51021:	  Ugly, hard to read interface. Darkening theme doesn't work at all. 
com.fsck.k9#51023:	   then I had to switch because of wrong dates (and therefore sorting) on some messages, lack of swipes, a crash constantly occurring when receiving some type of messages (probably malformed but no other client I have tried crashed because of that), and missing features in notifications. 
com.fsck.k9#51028:	  Great email app, i am using this app more than 3 years, but i always have an issue, i am not able to configure my gmail account to this app any day, if somebody can help me configuring my gmail to k-9 that will be really great and i can use my gmail account in one app instead of using another app for checking my mails, thanks 
com.fsck.k9#51029:	  Great app! I've been using this app on multiple devices for years with only a few issues. Fantastic. 
com.fsck.k9#51030:	   Doesn't work with the priv 
com.fsck.k9#51037:	   Good app. Has some minor issues that are interface design oriented. Not sure if this is an Android exclusive problem, but starring email from initial screen is a pain. Will scroll up email instead of starring. Not a deal breaker. Also searching for old mail is not very intuitive. Finding sent mail could be easier. I do like and use it every day. Will never replace Gmail. 
com.fsck.k9#51040:	   Reinstalled k9, reply button now doesn't show, can't find any solutions. Getting super frustated - please respond to this with how to fix! 
com.fsck.k9#51042:	   Can't use with gmail because it doesn't meet modern security standards. Worrying! 
com.fsck.k9#51047:	   I used this application for a number of years. I started getting "failed to send email" notifications and the app appeared to be degrading over time. 
com.fsck.k9#51053:	   I've used this for a year or two on my Xperia Z2 without a worry. I've just installed it onto Z5 phone to discover you can't open a new email or reply when it's held in landscape mode. That icon is missing on the top of the screen and only visible on the bottom when held in portrait. 
com.fsck.k9#51062:	   Overall I love this app.. wish there was a mail reader this powerful for my iPad. But this latest version broke it, at least for me. I think there might be settings, but i can't find anything. Previous version, all starred emails stayed on top. Now, not only is that no longer, but even read emails go to bottom. I want emails to stay in order received, read or otherwise. and i really liked starred posts on top, although i can live without that since you can load them by touching the star. 
com.fsck.k9#51066:	  Great app. however, goo doesn't seem to like it and it can't be used with their g mail. claims due to security reasons. can that be fixed within this app, or is it really goo trying to force us to use their app? 
com.fsck.k9#51069:	   RECENT ISSUE - There's a bug that causes the screen to scroll up unpredictability whenever you zoom in...its maddening. I will try to reinstall. K9 is the only Android email client that I can tolerate. It's ugly and slightly confusing when using the back button with multiple email accounts. But the back button is more of an inherent problem of Android's than with the app. Except for this recent bug, it's a usable email client that I use because there aren't any better alternatives atm. 
com.fsck.k9#51074:	   I have googled for a good app which can save internal memory from my emails and it's attachments. Downloaded K9 but it is not working.... Fake app... 
com.fsck.k9#51078:	  It don't work like it use to 
com.fsck.k9#51082:	   I cannot get beyond the fugly UI. I am pretty old school so it is not that the UI is outdated. It would have been called awfully ugly 20 years ago. All those blocky letters in different colors makes me think I am looking at a shareware program from 1995. On the plus side, it did setup my Yahoo account easily. However, there should be a choice where to store the emails and not just downloads. 
com.fsck.k9#51087:	   No longer works with Gmail, app doesn't meet modern security standard according to Google. Shame too as I prefer this app's layout to Gmail app but looks like I no longer have that choice. Completely useless to me as is, so downgraded to 1 star, I'll happily start using it again and rate back to 5 stars if this issue is fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#51098:	   Extremely easy, fast and accurate without crashing, and best of all is FREE!!!! 
com.fsck.k9#51109:	   Please add filters/rules so I can set certain emails from not downloading, or specify which to download. Also would love to see an option to check mail automatically even when sync is disabled. Thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#51110:	  Hi, I have a very simple request, please allow "Mark for Deletion" and "Unmark" ... also, show the message with a strikethrough if it is marked for deletion -- regardless of where that marked for deletion was made. Thank you. AndrewM Edit: I would like to upgrade my rating, but you need to address this issue first. 
com.fsck.k9#51119:	   Can't get Gmail account to install. 
com.fsck.k9#51123:	   Perhaps its me, but can't get my gmail account set up here. Tried several times. 
com.fsck.k9#51128:	   Still love the app but since the November update it fails to update on my Droid Turbo. 
com.fsck.k9#51131:	   Unable to connect to webmail. Just throws up an IO exception.. Uninstalling as of no use.. 
com.fsck.k9#51152:	   Tried to add Exchange account. Error cannot connect to server. IOException. 
com.fsck.k9#51153:	   Unfortunately it stops, regularly. Installed new update, tapped sync - CRASH. Have 4 accounts all POP/SMTP all empty but now one shows larger size after compacting. Pls fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51160:	   Tired of the certificate error flashing at me. Looked it up and fixed it once and can't fix it this time. Moving on. Too irritating. 
com.fsck.k9#51163:	   Can't get any mail! Constantly get "IOException Pushback Buffe" and won't fetch mail. No solutions anywhere! HELP! 
com.fsck.k9#51166:	   Was my favorite mail app. Unfortunately stopped syncing properly. Kind of needs an overhaul, hope they step it up. 
com.fsck.k9#51167:	  Great mail app... except it does not let you know about login failures.. it just pretends that everything is OK 
com.fsck.k9#51168:	   Why its no longer works with easy pgp? If I get encrypted email, have to copy paste that into easy pgp. If I just press decode it says there is no suitable app found... Fix and you will be best! 
com.fsck.k9#51173:	   Works as advertised apart from a few bugs here and there. Most reliable and tunable IMAP sync app that I've found for android. The biggest gripe is the UI though. It's 2016 and the design is not just outdated but simply horrible in this day and age. 
com.fsck.k9#51175:	   Imap server search stopped working... 
com.fsck.k9#51179:	   Does not work with exchange 2010 thus I can not use it. I did like it overall. 
com.fsck.k9#51185:	   When download many messages the app crashing every time 
com.fsck.k9#51186:	   Currently deleting my emails on both my Samsung Tab S and my Samsung Galaxy S6. Please fix so I can rate you better! I used to love this App, but now I can't trust that my emails won't get deleted. PLEASE FIX! 
com.fsck.k9#51192:	  Unable to connect to server .... 3 weeks waiting for fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51204:	   Better power consumption than other mail clients, and handles conversations well. Only issue is how it handles exchange accounts, but I can use it as an IMAP client for exchange. 
com.fsck.k9#51207:	  I've used this app for years to view my email via my tablet and smartphone. I've had few problems with it and it performs solidly. The only issue I've had is with sending email using ssl. Sometimes, the email won't sync because the certificate is "invalid" as it states. Simply resending the email usually resolves the issue. However, the message is not apparent as it doesn't pop up in the app. You have to watch for it in your notifications. 
com.fsck.k9#51218:	   I've heard a lot about this app and was excited to try it out, but I can't get my exchange email set up. I tried using the same settings I have in a different email app which is working fine, but no luck. 
com.fsck.k9#51225:	   I want to use the dark theme but then all colors in emails text are gone. Not even negative colors. So just plain text. Not useful. Please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51226:	   Used K-9 for several years. But lots of issues lately...and not syncing correctly. Made me miss some really important emails. :( :( :( Was the best email app...but now I'm going try some others. 
com.fsck.k9#51230:	   Best app I've used, and it's open source. The one bug that irritates me is that sometimes the notification that mail is being checked gets stuck and won't go away 
com.fsck.k9#51233:	   I use gmail as my primary mail app, but my university mail won't work with it. This is an excellent alternative that is easy to use and quite similar. Although I do keep forgetting that swipe has a different effect for each. 
com.fsck.k9#51237:	  Doesn't save to SD card 
com.fsck.k9#51241:	   Does what I want it to do but with the recent update it keeps crashing. 
com.fsck.k9#51248:	   Tried several times to get it to work and failed. Other programs on the market know how to automatically import the email settings from the email accounts. 
com.fsck.k9#51249:	   Since i updated last time auto sync is not working however poll frequency is set on every 2 minutes please fix i have been using this from 4 long years and love this 
com.fsck.k9#51256:	   What changed??? Ive been using for years and have liked, but K9 keeps crashing and is unusable for the past several days. I'm using a Nexus 5 with 6.0.1 
com.fsck.k9#51261:	   I would give 5 star, but the lack of info in the "failed to send some messages" error is frankly quite annoying!  this to show why it failed. 
com.fsck.k9#51262:	   Paid for kaiten pro and you don't get any support from them. K9 stays up to date with upgrades and performs great. 
com.fsck.k9#51265:	   Getting used to it. Wanted to combine all my emails accounts into one app. And just run one service. Had 1 minor issue which I resolved using the online help. I would like to rename and reorder folders. E.g first folder "[GMAIL]/BIN (Trash)" That is the last folder I want to see and to have the displayname of "BIN" 
com.fsck.k9#51269:	   Same old K9, problems every tuime when you send mails. Certificate issues continued ! 
com.fsck.k9#51270:	   My email on phone failed so Verizon had me download this one. It works good but I would much rather have my original email 
com.fsck.k9#51277:	  It's not working.. I need support please 
com.fsck.k9#51279:	   Best mail client for advanced users stable, powerful and customizable. Opensource is a plus. The interface is not evolving much. My biggest complaint: battery drain significantly increased in the latest update. It might not be related to K-9. Mail server issue? I did not change my settings. 
com.fsck.k9#51290:	   Now doesn't work. Doesnt consistently sync & I get 3 copies of the same email when it does sync 
com.fsck.k9#51293:	  K-9 still has some basic issues. I found an email in my sent folder that I was looking for. No problem. Later in the day, it (and a few others) were suddenly gone from the sent folder even though it is in the sent folder when viewed from my desktop client. 
com.fsck.k9#51294:	  Works ok. Couldn't get one of 3 gmail accounts to work on it though. No idea why. 
com.fsck.k9#51300:	   I have used K-9 for a number of years. It previously worked wonderfully. However, it now constantly freezes and crashes. Displaying a single email can regularly take 30 seconds. I would dearly love to see this wonderful app updated to resolve these problems. Running on Note 4, latest stock Verizon Android version. 
com.fsck.k9#51301:	   I am unable to authenticate any of my email accounts. It gives me the error that my password is incorrect, but my password is perfectly fine verified it on another app. Not sure why this is going on but hopefully there's a fix soon. 
com.fsck.k9#51303:	   battery reports 15%battery usage ,ouch! Tried limiting connection time to no avail. K9 remainsin memory when exciting, not good. I understand services still run, but program should not be in memory when properly exciting. I get a ton of k-9 errors regularly. It needs a serious maintenance update. Is anyone else having any issues? Time to move on. no dev support what so ever for theadapp. No support. No updates.gone to k-@mail worksgreat! Lowbattery usage! Aqua mail looksgoodtoo, but like getK-@  
com.fsck.k9#51310:	   For private email clients I have found no better app. No ads, no useless junk. I have used this app since I have had a smart phone. Tried others for different reasons always come back. 
com.fsck.k9#51319:	   The email supposed contain a pdf file, however it shown as winmail.dat any ideas how to fix it? 
com.fsck.k9#51320:	   Is there a way to retrieve my onion mail with this. Tried sending through orbot but errors server not available 
com.fsck.k9#51321:	   I like this a lot. I need a combined inbox for several email accounts. May be Yahoo, may be K-9, but I haven't worked out yet how to stop getting emails from Yahoo saying I have had an unauthorised login attempt. 
com.fsck.k9#51322:	   K-9 has been good so far. The last few days went I go into the k-9 it closes me out. Not sure why, figure someone can check into to this issue. 
com.fsck.k9#51326:	   This App keeps deleting my Emails and giving me errors. 
com.fsck.k9#51327:	  EDIT: Privacy/security leak will be fixed with next major update. Privacy/security risk: K-9 honours meta-refresh and will open browser links directly upon opening a mail which uses them. That is VERY bad. Other than that, it is very user un-friendly, ugly and doesn't work all too good. Still, it is one of the few non-cloud based email clients, which is very sad. 
com.fsck.k9#51343:	   Unable to fetch mail on Samsung Note 4 for Nexus 7 for the longest time now I force shut the application like I used to when changing a fetching time but that doesn't work anymore either to fetch the mail on an interval 
com.fsck.k9#51344:	  Expunge doesn't work. Deleted and expunged files come right back to the inbox on the next poll. 
com.fsck.k9#51346:	   im a blind  user. and i use talkback on my android phone. i found unlabled buttuns i dont know what the buttuns are can this problam get fix 
com.fsck.k9#51348:	   Won't deliver mail to addresses in Bcc and Cc 
com.fsck.k9#51351:	   If it worked, it'd be the best. Plean to of blogs on line to help with all the folder syncing issues. But never did access any folders except Inbox. (Yahoo email address) 
com.fsck.k9#51353:	   It's an amazing mailer giving you full control over your email handling. I think other commentators can hardly blame k9mail for their technical issues; sometimes "bad" mail providers just don't enable all features. and it's definitely possible to get lost in the extensive settings that are individual per added account. I use 4 accounts and I am very satisfied. 
com.fsck.k9#51357:	   Uninstalled it. Got mostly errors, cant send pictures ifbi have more then 1 attached. Not worth the download. 
com.fsck.k9#51358:	   Great app that gets the job done. Was having issues with the official outlook app. Used it in the past and knew it was the right solution to my problems 
com.fsck.k9#51359:	   Stopped working on both our phones. No amount of effort could fix it. Finally downloaded another app 
com.fsck.k9#51369:	   Been using this app for years. Great email app until Zimbra email upgraded it's security feature. Doesn't work after that 
com.fsck.k9#51370:	  Won't work with aol 
com.fsck.k9#51372:	   Loved the software until I changed my email password, then I've had nothing but problems. 
com.fsck.k9#51377:	   When I receive a mail I get a double notification, it says that I got two mails. Opening the app just shows one mail and I only have one account. This account is set with webdav/owa. I tried deleting the app data and reconfiguring the account but the double mail notifications still appear. Also more often than not, the app stops synchronizing for no apparent reason. It says "next synch at xx" but when the time comes no action is done. 
com.fsck.k9#51381:	   when ever I entered account information and click on submit then it shows error message and it shows Google services Has stopped, same thing I do in Gmail it opens 
com.fsck.k9#51384:	   I could not find a better one. Only the widget is useless. From the size compared to the standard size of other icons it looks like a bad joke on my Samsung Tab S. 
com.fsck.k9#51394:	  The best POP/SMTP mail client, of those I've tried, available from Play Store. Four issues short of a 5-start rating: 1. The too-frequent 'crash and die' failures. 2. No indication of which account I'm dealing with when in any of the settings pages. Perhaps the account name beside the page title [Settings - nsaportal@gmail.con] would be a solution. 3. No spelling checker (please start with en-gb ;-). 4. The 'Unread messages' indicator shown on the widget selector, doesn't exist. However, these minor 'niggles' won't stop me using K-9 or send me out in search of a replacement. Big-ups to the developers; excellent work! Is this project still in development or are these issues never going to be addressed? 
com.fsck.k9#51399:	   I've used k9 for years. I've connected all 6 of my email accounts. I've managed an email/web server for the past 21 years. This was the best I've used. However I'm on Nexus devices only now so I get the latest & greatest updates when they become available. It's been three months now and the certificate issues I only see with k9 are not fixed. So even though my overall rating should be five stars, I'm uninstalling and dropping my rating. Besides, the gmail app now does much of what I used k9 for so... 
com.fsck.k9#51400:	   Forwarding attachments fails frequently and old emails keep showing up as "new" at the bottom of the list. 
com.fsck.k9#51401:	   Constant AUTH PLAIN failed when sending. K9 also has a bug where it can partially download a message, just partial headers and then can never get the whole message, the email then appears to be corrupted and listed as 'no subject', and nothing will bring it back. Also, related... k9 can't retrieve attachments over phone data these days. Only WiFi. Needs fix. Gone crap. 
com.fsck.k9#51403:	  Wouldn't sync my Gmail without 'allowing less secure apps' in Google account settings, which I didn't like. However the Gmail app is now so bloated and slow on my phone that I had to find an alternative and, apart from the security concern, this seems to work faster. 
com.fsck.k9#51404:	   I have been quite happy with this app. However, recently I have been facing a problem. Though I have set the download mail size to be only 32kb, I have been receiving mails with the entire size of attachments, even beyond 32kb. This has led to an increase of my data charges exponentially!!! 
com.fsck.k9#51410:	   If you are looking for a mail app that does everything and I mean everything that a full blown desktop mail app can do then look no further. I especially needed an app that gave me the ability to create identities on accounts and to set a "reply to" address on an account and K9 came to the rescue. There are so many advanced settings it is clear that the author wrote this due to not finding anything out there that could do what he wanted. Highly recommended mail app. Also works 100% on a Blackberry Z10. 
com.fsck.k9#51411:	  No support, can't get it running 
com.fsck.k9#51414:	   Was a long long time user of K9. Never really failed me until recently. Decided to try another App for awhile so deleted my email accounts, cleared the data file & stopped the program in App settings so it wouldn't be using data. Noticed my mobile was transmiting data a long time, checked & K9 had transmited more than 630MB of what I don't know. I ran virus scans to no avail so have uninstalled. 
com.fsck.k9#51417:	   I love all of the app. Especially read receipt for my work emails. The problem is that it doesn't sync anymore. I have tried everything short of reinstalling it. Edit: tried reinstalling it, no change. 
com.fsck.k9#51419:	   Messages Won't auto load. I have to refresh the app in order to receive new emails. I thought that this problem was solved in the 1990's! 
com.fsck.k9#51423:	   Any email I try to add results in this error popping up. This is my go to email client. Please fix this. Only happens on my Moto X running Lollipop. 
com.fsck.k9#51435:	   Could not open or print PDF attachment message said document my be corrupt I tried it on my mail app and it printed without receiving any message that the document may be corrupt 
com.fsck.k9#51457:	   my preferrered mail client for android. behaves nicely, very flexible, doesn't get in the way, snoop or come sneaking back when told to go away, unlike the vendor email & gmail clients. unfotunately it has decided to set a default account on it's own recently, overriding my long standing preference and ignoring changes. this has caused problems that cannot be fixed. i don't know why it's been changed to do that but i want it to heed my preference. 
com.fsck.k9#51460:	   Too many certificate errors when my signal is intermittent taking up the one bulb I have for notifications. 
com.fsck.k9#51463:	   The setting to always delete from server when I delete doesn't stay set in Android 5.1.1. .. And you make it too hard too report bugs via that web site. Sorry. 
com.fsck.k9#51469:	   Didn't work for gmail. 
com.fsck.k9#51475:	   Like the app. I appreciate the fact that I can batch delete all messages. I can't find where to change my signature. 
com.fsck.k9#51477:	  Could not get it started, so deleted it. 
com.fsck.k9#51478:	   At long last, after a nearly two year wait, something finally got fixed and my GoDaddy IMAP account is working properly again. Just in time, since I was getting sick of the Android built-in app, and its shortcomings. 
com.fsck.k9#51481:	   Incoming mail is working but outgoing isn't. Keeps saying invalid name or password... which I have correct. Even changed my password to see if the reset would create different results. Seems like a chill app... disappointed it won't work for me 
com.fsck.k9#51483:	   Works fine most of the time but, apparently by faulty design, gets stuck in loops when something doesn't go it's way. One example is a failed send. It will try forever to get the message sent that results in persistent notifications with a rapid blinking notification light that eats battery. The message is no longer in the out box so there's no way to stop it. There's also no setting for disabling that notification. The only resolution is to disable or uninstall the app. 
com.fsck.k9#51491:	   Sky have clearly changed something as now keeps saying Certificate Error so until it starts working I have to give it a lower rating. The same has happened to another app on another family phone 
com.fsck.k9#51494:	   So many times i've tried k9 mail now and came back disappointed every time. It crashes randomly, is impossible to set up with Exchange and does not even properly support Push! The app boasts to be best android email app but in fact is not even better than the stock android mail client. Quite the contrary! In stock client you just enter MS Exchange email address and password, done. Not so in k9! Maybe one day when k9 mail does not suck I'll give it 5 stars. Until then, 1 star for repeatedly wasting my time. 
com.fsck.k9#51495:	   Have used this app happily for years but recently new emails have started coming in as if they're already read and with no notification. I've missed quite a few important emails because of it. Please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51497:	   Read emails turn as unread. App should keep local statuses for mails and check when status is properly updated with server if not then do it again. Communication with email servers hang and this also causes emails transferred to folders not going there and reappear in Inbox. Reading mails from search results is extremely slow (15 sec to open a mail). Should fix the source code but have no time. //arl 
com.fsck.k9#51502:	   Has been working great for years, now all of the sudden it will not poll my emails - love the app, but if it doesn't work will have to uninstall.... 
com.fsck.k9#51503:	   This was my go to mail client for years. I was comfortable with it and loved it. Recently, I have had some issues I can't resolve and there doesn't seem to be an easy way to get tech support. The issue now is that gmails keep getting pulled down to phone even after read and deleted on phone. Only non read mail should be pulled down. I'm looking for a new app as I can't figure out how to fix what should normally be an easy fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51506:	   Nice app, quick developer response to fix issues created by new Android releases 
com.fsck.k9#51507:	   Used to be great. Now get annoying certificate errors. 
com.fsck.k9#51508:	   This is one of the best Email apps on android. .I can even get microsoft exchange on it. The only problem I am having is getting Microsoft Outlook to work on it. Also I wish it had widgets. Probably should have given it 5 stars. 
com.fsck.k9#51518:	  I have used this for a while, and it was great. Now, for some reason, it is so slow as to be unusable. Scrolling the list of messages takes 10 seconds or more, so long that the Android says the app is unresponsive. I have taken the steps to clear data, but that has not helped. If they get it fixed, I'll give it 5 stars again. That is, if I go back to it, as I HAVE to find another email app. This one is not at all usable. 
com.fsck.k9#51519:	   Used to really like. I changed my password on on Gmail and for some reason refuses to take my new password. The app doesn't give proper error messages so I have no idea what is wrong. Google complains that this app doesn't meet security standards anymore. Was great hoping it gets fixed up but for now I am begrudgingly moving to the official Gmail app 
com.fsck.k9#51527:	   Not sure what's going on. I've been using this for years and all of a sudden it's slowed to a crawl. Just picking emails to delete has been a nightmare. I've compacted the database, deleted trash emails, nothing works to speed this up anymore. Please fix it. 
com.fsck.k9#51534:	   But lately seems to be having problems. I get certificate errors every couple of weeks and the only recommended solution is to delete and reinstall my accounts. It also seems to forget that I want messages deleted from the server anytime an update to the software is made, causing me to have to delete email twice, the second time when I use a different device. 
com.fsck.k9#51535:	  Great app, never fails! 
com.fsck.k9#51538:	  k9-Mail app does not have Exchange Active Sync Support. I liked the App but no Activesync... Can't Use it 
com.fsck.k9#51541:	   I hate them, but the company I work for requires them. This means I can't use K-9. :( 
com.fsck.k9#51544:	   80% of the time, deleting email's results in crash notification: "Unfortunately K-9 Mail has stopped." just too irritating to accept. Submitting crash reports have resulted in no feedback from K-9 let alone a problem fix. It's really a shame because it has my favorite look & features. Manage 2 important POP3 email accounts & need better reliability /stability. 
com.fsck.k9#51554:	  Would not sync effectively 
com.fsck.k9#51557:	  It worked great until it decided not to update or reinstall anymore... Error code 505... 
com.fsck.k9#51562:	   Good app. Currently experiencing a bug where the contents of PGP signed emails disappears once the signature validation box appears. 
com.fsck.k9#51564:	   I love this app, but since the last update I can't open any attachments, not pictures or PDFs or Office documents. The opening application says the file is corrupt. 
com.fsck.k9#51574:	   I still have syncro problem with gmail... 
com.fsck.k9#51584:	   I have used this app for yrs but recently I have had to force stop it as it has been not responding. Unfortunately I'm going to have to find a different app until this is fixed! 
com.fsck.k9#51589:	   As of recent, adding Gmail accounts is broken using automatic settings. I receive an error about needing to sign in on the web. 
com.fsck.k9#51591:	   I've been using k9 for several years now, run 3 emails on it, without any issues. - download mails once and read them offline 
com.fsck.k9#51592:	   Great app, works flawlessly, only issue i have is on my gmail i have 3 other accounts linked to the same gmail account using pop3 accounts with gmail, while all of them do successfuly sync fine in the right folders, id like to see the option to reply from the same address, for eg if i recieve from email2 or 3, to use the same reply address it recieved from, rather than the master account mail, i otherwise cant complain, serves me flawlessly 
com.fsck.k9#51595:	   Now my phone only last about 10 hours (Samsung Galaxy S4). Please fix this. 
com.fsck.k9#51599:	   Recently this app hangs on sync. Sucks the life out of my phone and will not work without a full phone reboot. Sadly it may be time to find something else which saddens me greatly. 
com.fsck.k9#51604:	   Major issue with Google accounts and security will not let us sign in for an account 
com.fsck.k9#51607:	   Says it cannot connect to server yet the password is correct. Standard android mail app connects without problems. 
com.fsck.k9#51618:	   Search doesn't work for server 
com.fsck.k9#51620:	   I used to love this app. First started having issues with new phone (G4) before going to Exchange. Now on Exchange and nothing. Disappointed because I loved the interface. 
com.fsck.k9#51623:	   Prompted alot of SSL/protocol errors. uninstalled it. 
com.fsck.k9#51624:	   The app says that there is a problem syncing when I try to set up my account. I cannot send or receive emails. Please assist me. 
com.fsck.k9#51625:	   I have used this app for my email for years and it was really good until a few months ago. Since then the performance has been terrible and it crashed multiple times per day. Even doing something as simple as opening an email. This week it has stopped showing new emails. I get notifications that I have new email but when I open the app the newest message in my inbox is from 5 days ago. Please fix these issues or I will have to continue using another app. 
com.fsck.k9#51629:	   Constantly getting -505 error 
com.fsck.k9#51631:	   Please fix the certification error. I have it every 2 hours. That's not acceptable. 
com.fsck.k9#51633:	   Its OK, but when an email has a picture or there is more text, you have to press a button to download the picture or another button for the complete text. This almost always never works with out exiting the email which takes you back to the inbox. You then have to reopen the email. Sometimes you have to repeat this process several times before it works. Please fix!!! 
com.fsck.k9#51639:	  This is one of the best mail apps out there, however I keep losing draft mails as I'm writing them. If the app loses focus (or whatever the equivalent to 'focus' on android), my new message goes into the nothingness. And this results in me getting frustrated and saying all sorts of curse words. The program should save the draft every while and then (every 30 seconds would be good), and immediately when it loses focus (such as when a call comes). Generally my phone is low on memory, and this is probably what's causing this problem to happen. 
com.fsck.k9#51640:	  Fantastic app. Only problem (small but major) is not being able to copy text when in the drafting screen. 
com.fsck.k9#51645:	   Only 3 stars since you still haven't fixed the bug that makes the message list scroll when I click on the star for a message. 
com.fsck.k9#51646:	   I often have problems with synchronisation between devices 
com.fsck.k9#51649:	   I love this APP, it works really great & doesn't give you to many problems!!! I have an older Samsung & it works very well on my phone! 
com.fsck.k9#51656:	  I used to like this app, when I primarily used it in on WiFi. Now that I use it more frequently with Mobile, I've been having a lot of problems -- especially seeing lots of errors when sending email, and other random "Connection Error" when attempting to read a message. Not very happy. 
com.fsck.k9#51665:	   I have been using k9 for over 4 years. All this time it has been very reliable, connected to 7 emails accounts both pop and imap with push notifications. But since upgrading to Lollipop major battery drain issues. Install k9 and my battery is empty in 4 to 5 hours, remove k9 and battery is still at 68% after 11 hours. K9 does not show on battery usage stats but stats for android system jump from 1% to 15% when k9 installed. Giving 5 stars for years of great service. Hoping lollipop issues fixed soon 
com.fsck.k9#51671:	   I couldn't get it to connect to my Gmail account, it just kept throwing errors. A lot of problems reported with Gmail connectivity, so I tried all the fixes I could find, but the errors just kept changing. Waste of time. 
com.fsck.k9#51674:	   This app crashes, at a minimum, daily. Sometimes it will crash several times per day. My favorite thing is when I get 500 notifications for the same email. Love that. Also, the nice 4 gig burn on my data from the turd running all night was a great surprise. Do yourself a favor and skip this app. 
com.fsck.k9#51676:	   Nice App except just about every time I read my email and delete what I don't want or, empty the trash it pops up and tells me K-9 Mail has stopped working and then, shuts down and I have to restart it. :-( 
com.fsck.k9#51680:	   Crashes with every try to login 
com.fsck.k9#51687:	   K9 mail is hands down best email app for Android. . Better than factory installed mail. Trouble getting attachments or sync notifications? . K9 solves all problems. 
com.fsck.k9#51696:	   But it has been force closing constantly since the last update. Sometimes when i'm not even looking at the app. Not happy. Please fix this. 
com.fsck.k9#51701:	  Needs fix 
com.fsck.k9#51703:	   I love the interface. It will be my client of choice once I can get it to recognise my openmailbox account. So far username and password come back with errors even though they are correct. Also unfortunately the app can't be moved to SD without total loss of app data 
com.fsck.k9#51708:	   The best email client, I miss windows/linux versions. It has sometimes refresh/reload issues, but it does exactly what it should. 
com.fsck.k9#51726:	   After I upgraded my S5 to android lollipop it won't fetch my main email. It fetches all 5 other emails but not the one I need most. Please let me know if this can be fixed. *edit* I installed the update hoping it would fix the issue but alas, no. I'm currently searching for a new app. Sorry K-9, I really wanted to keep you but.... 
com.fsck.k9#51728:	  My favourite email client when it comes to customizations, however the seemingly unsolved issues below makes me go for other alternatives : - great drain on battery of almost 60% which reduces battery life while the phone is idle - lots of heat generated from idle phone use - frequent app crashes 
com.fsck.k9#51733:	   I have been using this app for quite a while now, no complaints, great app except there is no junk filter! Anything to solve this problem in the near future Dear Developers ? (I don't want to relay my emails via Gmail...) 
com.fsck.k9#51735:	   I moved to K-9 from Typemail because I wanted the ability to send emails from an alias, which you can do with the identity feature. The user interface isn't as nice but it is perfectly acceptable. It does take some effort to set up and it is worth reading the help information from their website particularly about push and pull fetching. I haven't found any problems and I have it set up for three Google accounts. Recommended. 
com.fsck.k9#51737:	   Couldn't get exchange account to work so it's getting deleted from my phone. 
com.fsck.k9#51738:	   The app doesn't walk you through the Archive set up process. If it is not configured by the user you will loose all that you archive due to the fact it creates a Archive folder that is not linked and when you change to link folder or change to different folder it you will loose all in the unlinked Archive folder it created. This issue has been around for many years and they have not addressed it yet  
com.fsck.k9#51740:	    for some reason when I click mark all read it marks them all read until I refresh then they all become unread again. Hope this gets fixed soon. 
com.fsck.k9#51755:	   Update 3... Now crashing almost every time I delete a message either from within the message or from the lost of messages. Update2... Fixed link clicks so they work. Good for most part but seriously annoying when on a daily basis it randomly turns off sync so messages stop being deleted on server. No reason why, just stops. Don't notice till you log in via web and see that hundreds of emails that you thought were deleted are all still sitting there. Waste of time 
com.fsck.k9#51756:	   Nice work. I don't have any problems. 
com.fsck.k9#51757:	   I can't get the push notifications to work on either account. Disappointing. 
com.fsck.k9#51762:	   Used on S3min & S4min very pleased for 3 years. June 2015 phone got hot and batt drained in 1 hour. Settings showed K9 responsible. Uninstalled, rebooted, reinstalled. Charged overnight, same thing again. Removed, set Samsung mail up, recharged now working well. Sorry K9, let me know when you have fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#51763:	   Creates too many push connections. Resulting in problems for any other devices connected to the gmail account. 
com.fsck.k9#51769:	   This is a fine choice of e-mail apps, especially because it is open-source and has no ads. The interface is primitive and confusing, but you'll figure it out eventually. I had problems setting up my accounts, but that was my fault for not using the automatic settings. 
com.fsck.k9#51774:	   I've used k9 for several years, and generally really liked it. Over the past couple of years, though, it has simply gotten too slow to be functional. Opening a message takes several seconds, as does returning to the message list. I didn't know if it was my phone ( note 2), my server, or k9. I just downloaded aqua, and though I haven't used it enough to know if I actually like it, it seems to do the trick and opens messages quickly. 
com.fsck.k9#51775:	   Love this app unfortunately I can't live without threaded view by subject in the unified mailbox... So I have to go back to Gmail app until k9 fixes this :-( 
com.fsck.k9#51783:	   Latest update fixed problem where links opened within the email client. Back to five stars. 
com.fsck.k9#51787:	   This app crashes more than Evel Knievel! 
com.fsck.k9#51791:	   Latest version gives error 505 when installing? 
com.fsck.k9#51797:	   Though I have used K-9 Mail for over a year, I'd not posted a review. I'm still using it so what ielse need be said? Well, there is more. I was prompted to post today because they just put out an update for an issue caused by an Android component update. While it took weeks for this response, it now works again for me and in a world where sometimes these updates seem to never come, weeks is pretty good. 
com.fsck.k9#51800:	   I've used K9 for some years happily, although I really don't like the very childish capital letter highlight of each message on list view, but I can't seem to get rid of it. Now won't send email at all, despite applying this morning's fix. Note 4 running lollipop. 
com.fsck.k9#51801:	   I just gave this app a one star before realizing there was an update fixing links in an email 
com.fsck.k9#51803:	   They fixed the bug. Back to working amazingly. 
com.fsck.k9#51811:	  Used this app to collect iCloud mail and mail from my own personal OSX server on my Nexus handset but it has just stopped receiving mail from both. Tried many different incoming server settings to no avail. Continually fails authentication for incoming mail servers which I know are correct. Used to work with exactly the same settings and I have changed nothing. Prior to issues was a 4* application! 
com.fsck.k9#51812:	   Something with a recent update prevents my from opening links. I click and it gives me the url but doesn't open anymore. Very frustrating! Finding a new email app! Used to love K9 
com.fsck.k9#51814:	   Even when set to never delete from sever you can't move stuff from trash back to inbox in pop3. Doesn't even ask if you're sure you want to delete. Devs don't care, check github. 
com.fsck.k9#51816:	   A few emails download and the app stops working and must exit. 
com.fsck.k9#51818:	   Seem a nice email client, but two fatal problems with gmail. It doesn't handle labels fully, and doesn't seem to understand conversations properly. Eg I have a conversation with 23 emails but only two are shown. Labels are treated as folders, which they are not. 
com.fsck.k9#51819:	   Links now open in Webview and all functionality of the webpage is lost. Please revert or at least have an optional setting - long press and goto link not user friendly. 
com.fsck.k9#51821:	   It's a great app, Ans works great with tasker. But despite of various configurations and settings, I still can't connect to my Microsoft Exchange server account. It simply doesnt connect. Shows some kind of I/O error. Whenever i try to poll a specific folder, it results in "IOException: Error with cod". Please provide a solution to this. 
com.fsck.k9#51822:	   Against my better judgment I updated. Now one of my accounts today reverted to showing only a single email and for the life of me I can't get it to load any past messages. So lame, so incredibly lame. 
com.fsck.k9#51828:	   It crashes far too often making it useless 
com.fsck.k9#51830:	   Don't work any longer 
com.fsck.k9#51834:	  I use stars a lot and it is frustrating the star and scroll bar overlap each other. I thought I didn't have this problem before in old version(can't remember whst version it was)... 
com.fsck.k9#51842:	  Unable to send emails now. Please provide fix. 
com.fsck.k9#51848:	   Last couple of updates the problems seem to be getting worse! Now I have to manually update to recieve emails and it will not send them! 
com.fsck.k9#51854:	   Nexus 4, stock rom (latest) and crashes every time I multi select emails (e.g to bulk delete). Happens on Kaiten (fork) as well, so clearly a major issue with the build and not update for months has fixed it despite constantly sending crash logs. Giving up and moving to type mail. 
com.fsck.k9#51858:	   Continually crashes. 
com.fsck.k9#51860:	   I get two attachments everyone I send an encrypted email from my Mac desktop to my android phone...this doesn't work!!! I can send encrypted emails fine from k9 though. Please fix!! 
com.fsck.k9#51861:	   Please fix the 'unable to find viewer' error. I used this for work, everything is perfect unless when receiving some certain file attachment types. Seriously please find a workaround that doesn't involve saving and opening separately. Thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#51862:	   ...not even this one, though it seems to be the best of a bad batch. Do not use K-9 if you have more than a few hundred messages in your email system. Kept throwing NULLPointerExceptions, I imagine they were triggered by 'too many' messages. In any case, use of IMAP is hindered, because the app seems to try to read the whole messages prior to showing them in the folder, even if you tell it not to. On a fast internet connection, this was gonna take hours to show the thousands of emails in my inbox. Search options seem limited... search whole messages, or... ? Whole messages then. Other choices were too complex, eg too many options for whether or not to display folders. If I made a folder, display it. Use the alphabet to decide where. Done. Make options for things that matter. Good luck for the future. I uninstalled. Will make post-it note to self as reminder: do not trust a platform for email which is provided by a monopoly who makes their money from reading your email. Q.E.D. 
com.fsck.k9#51868:	   Please advise me how to add more than one account, i could not find the option of adding account after i add 1st account. 
com.fsck.k9#51871:	   Excellent PGP integration, but I have some major qualms with it: Nested folders shows like a relative Unix path, rather than multi-level menus. If there are certificate errors with one of your accounts, it will endlessly flash your LED, regardless of your settings, until you resolve it. It is unclear whether it supports formatting: if I save a draft with links on a format-capable client and open it on K9, it auto converts to BBCode, but doesn't seem to convert it to an HTML message upon sending it. 
com.fsck.k9#51875:	   I've had the App for years and have been happy with it. Until the Android 5 update on my Note 3. After the update, my phone started crashing/rebooting about once a day. I spent weeks trying to track down the problem. I did a reset on my phone and re-installed my critical Apps and the problem was still present. It would happen even when the phone was sitting on charge overnight. I called AT&T, and they admitted that this was one of the problems they were seeing since the Android 5 update but all they could offer was a $100 phone replacement with no guarantee that this was solve the problem. Then I realized that it often happened when I was checking my email with K9. I removed K9, rebooted my phone, and it has only crashed once in the last 7 days. So, while there may be an underlying problem with Android 5, it becomes a critical problem with K9 installed. 
com.fsck.k9#51879:	   I've used K-9 for 4 years without any problems, first on my Samsung Moment and now on my new phone. Works great! Custom settings very useful. Always notifies me when I have new mail. You can have it check (poll) for new mail constantly or once a day; change poll settings to longer time to save battery life. My fave email app out of the three I use. 
com.fsck.k9#51881:	   After update 5.005 I get SSL problem, please fix it. So I need to downgrade to the version 4.804 
com.fsck.k9#51882:	   Tired of constantly getting errors about connection and not being able to read emails. Looking for a new app to access multiple emails accounts. 
com.fsck.k9#51887:	   does not work as advertised. impossible to get help - no manual 
com.fsck.k9#51888:	   Can't do without this app.. But I've been having problems syncing with live mail. Help please! 
com.fsck.k9#51890:	   K9 is hands down the best email client I have found for android. Latest update fixes display problem on lollipop. 
com.fsck.k9#51893:	   So I can decrypt my mail with the help of APG, but sending mail is a nightmare (aka doesn't work). In my opinion, being able to send and email from an email app is important, but that may just be me.. UPDATE: uninstalled... Got too fed up with the constant "failed to send" notifications 
com.fsck.k9#51895:	   Works great with Gmail. Not so well with hotmail/live. Instead of deleting messages it will just mark them as read. Seems to be a common issue in most email clients. 
com.fsck.k9#51897:	   An incredibly nice app with good features but the bugs overwhelm the features ... emails from multiple mailboxes (gmail yahoo imap) sometimes don't download.... and delete emails from local and server fails and all emails daleted are downloaded again 
com.fsck.k9#51899:	   Tried to set up Gmail, but failed login. Received email from Google that sign-in attempt through "unsecure app" was blocked. I don't know if this is a K9 problem, or Google being idiots/a**holes. 
com.fsck.k9#51900:	   This android update has broken it. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#51901:	   It crashes a bit too often everyday at least once or twice using galaxy s4 
com.fsck.k9#51903:	   I keep getting certificate errors. Havent been able to access my email using k9 since their last update. Been weeks. Uninstalling. Id rather pay for an app I can actually use. 
com.fsck.k9#51904:	   Used this for years and loved it. When I upgraded my phone and put K9 on it, it loaded a newer version... which will not send emails. Checked online & other users have the same issue. I will try K9 again in a few months to see if the issue has been resolved.... I liked it that much. 
com.fsck.k9#51917:	   I can't find a way to print the body of an email on my SG4, only attachments . since upgrade, can't send from hotmail. 
com.fsck.k9#51925:	   I use it with 3 accounts Hotmail, Gmail and GMX, all with IMAP, substituting the stock email and Gmail too. No problems or issues. The fact that I use it quickly faded into the background, as befits a good application with many available alternatives. Being open source implies less lossage, pretense, bullshit, nagging, and no promotion nor in-app selling. 
com.fsck.k9#51926:	   Apparently this has been an issue for years and it is still not fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#51927:	   The problem with the app is that when refreshing email it frequently gets stuck polling a folder. This was draining my battery a lot so I changed it to check for messages only when I manually do so. I often have to close the app, restart it then hit refresh again to get my email. A bug that hid messages behind white recently was fixed according to release notes. Nexus 4 w/ lollipop 
com.fsck.k9#51932:	   I've been using this mail client for years, and it was phenomenal. However about 2 or 3 updates ago, it started crashing when opening certain messages or only displaying a tiny piece of the message, with the rest of the screen just a blank white space. More recent updates have changed and tweaked this problem, but they haven't managed to kill it yet, making the app very hard to use for productivity purposes. Back to webmail for me, and will give 5 stars once the app is stable again!! 
com.fsck.k9#51944:	   Works well, but it does periodically crash, which is a little annoying. I don't seem to need to do anything as a result of the crashes, just click on it and it runs as if nothing happens. Other than that it works well. 
com.fsck.k9#51949:	  Exchange doesn't work 
com.fsck.k9#51950:	   Recently I am having a problem with emails displaying. they are fully downloading but not completely displaying on my screen. I'll try deleting all accounts and reinstalling. Love the program! Thank you. Update : Your latest update fixed the problem! Thank you! 
com.fsck.k9#51956:	   I don't have much problem with this app as far as checking my mail. It does a good job receiving them. But what really bothers me is every time I try to send mail it gives me the error "some messages not sent". Really annoying. I have to use the android email to send a message. Android email doesn't work good for receiving mail, that is why I got K9, but I have to use it to send mail. 
com.fsck.k9#51960:	   Thanks for fixing the incomplete message display in version 5.005! LG G3 
com.fsck.k9#51961:	   Love the new features and new look. K-9 works very well. 5 stars! And thanks for the latest bug fix 5.005. Now it works perfectly again with Android 5 
com.fsck.k9#51963:	   This app was fantastic before the lollipop update. Now, I receive only errors when fetching mail from my POP3 server. All I get is a message saying "handshake failed". 
com.fsck.k9#51965:	   Does not work with lotus note mail. 
com.fsck.k9#51968:	   Unable to view message completely sometimes. Page has an issue displaying full content. Just shows part of it. 
com.fsck.k9#51970:	   Changing font size caused text to cut off, appear incorrect size, or refresh while displaying. Fail. Samsung S5. 
com.fsck.k9#51973:	   I often need to click on folders multiple times before they open. And emails often don't get displayed or only half. Need to keep reorienting my phone to try to get the full email displayed. (Where text is supposed to be, I have a white screen) Running android 5. 
com.fsck.k9#51976:	   WAS 5 stars. HTC one m8 stock. After update this app is broken. Crash when opening messages. Crash when sending email. 
com.fsck.k9#51982:	   Fatal socket timeout error. Only on one account at a time but support say no problem. .. if they dont care about a problem that is repeatable and proven to not be a network error then I don't care either. Bye bye to what was a good email client. 
com.fsck.k9#51984:	   The missing 2 starts were for no widget and no swipe to delete messages. You tick the checkbox to choose multiple messages to delete, move or copy. That is good. Overall it was a good mail client as it allows many customization where default Gmail app can't provide, such as theme, font size etc. 
com.fsck.k9#51987:	   On 3 of my Samsung s4s, I did the lollipop update and now the k9 mail does load emails in full. To make it work you need to pinch and zoom into the email and zoom back it and then it works, please fix as soon as possible thank you 
com.fsck.k9#51994:	   I have been using K-9 mail for a long time now. It's pretty useful and light. However, there are some problems with syncing deleted emails. Also, often the entire email body doesn't show at the first go. This happens even when the message size is lower than the download size limit. Going back and opening that email often works, sometimes after multiple attempts. 
com.fsck.k9#52002:	   Yesterday the app started crashing on both my phones. I cleared the apps data and cache, but adding my imap account caused the app to crash again. I think k9 has a problem reading a few thousand mails? Maybe you can check this? 
com.fsck.k9#52008:	   Most efficient and feature-filled, reliable email app for Android. Been using it for many years. Never had a problem. 
com.fsck.k9#52010:	   Used k9 for years, now it crashes or blanks out all the time. 
com.fsck.k9#52029:	   It doesn't work at my official mail. Always show failed and don't set the mail. 
com.fsck.k9#52037:	  After some update it does not work the same 
com.fsck.k9#52038:	   Not downloading all mail and notifications not working after lollipop update. I note others having the same problems. 
com.fsck.k9#52043:	   I'm using xperia z1. The only problem is the 'star' is too close to the scrollbar on the left. This make me scroll along my mail list when I want to add 'star' to a mail. Otherwise the app is the best mail app I have tried. 
com.fsck.k9#52048:	   but...all my emails marked with star keep disappearing after one day. Why? I thought its permanent marker. Fix it and you've got 5  
com.fsck.k9#52051:	   This is a good, but not great, email app. The fact that it's open source AND free is why I use it. UPDATE: Oh hell no! It's eating emails... Basically it doesn't sync properly. Now I'm afraid how much could be lost due to it. 
com.fsck.k9#52054:	   . only imap, pop3 and exchange server option is available and none of them works with my company email. Not useful for me. 
com.fsck.k9#52055:	   I love this app but recently I have had problems where different emails, html or text will show as blank messages. Sometimes I can quit the app and go back in and it will show the email and sometimes it won't. I have had problems when I am on Wifi or on mobile service. Only common denominator is K9. :( I will change once this gets resolved as I have full cofidence that the will fix the problems with the recent update. 
com.fsck.k9#52056:	  I cant receive mail anymore? Can someone fix this? This is the only school approved app for .edu mail 
com.fsck.k9#52061:	  Cannot access Penn State email since the update. I don't understand why and this needs to be fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#52063:	   3-29-15 Stopped working. Constant notification of a Negative STMP when sending msg. Great app what happen? 
com.fsck.k9#52064:	   Have all the features I need. 1 thing I don't like tho. When retrieving my mails from a IMAP server, the time and date shown is the current time, instead of the time that the mails actually arrived at the server. Hope there is a setting where I can fix this. 
com.fsck.k9#52071:	   I've always loved K9mail. It worked flawlessly until the recent update and now it won't work with my university's server configuration (Penn State). Useless until this gets resolved. : ( 
com.fsck.k9#52073:	   After my purchased Kaiten app broke on 5.1 and continued to have email rendering issues, I tried this free app and it's everything that I used to have, but working better on the latest OS version without the rendering issues of the past. Very satisfied thus far. 
com.fsck.k9#52082:	   A few issues. It appears to stall often on gmail and requires killing and restarting before it will finally pickup mail from the account 
com.fsck.k9#52085:	   It takes up to 4 or 5 minutes to open the body of a simple email! Ever since Galaxys5 Lolipop update its almost unusable. Are you working on a fix? Is there something I can do on my end? Was 5 stars and now 1. Please help. 
com.fsck.k9#52090:	   Have never been able to setup this app. What address is it asking for? No matter what address I enter it won't work. If the app needs a pop3 address why isn't a drop down menu provided since it's the same for everyone using gmail. 
com.fsck.k9#52095:	   Tried logging in with Gmail (why isn't this automated?), get an error message with the plain error message. No formatting. Error States that I need application specific password. So this app cannot handle two factor Auth. Bye. 
com.fsck.k9#52100:	   Latest version makes my phone lag and overheat..pls fix this then I'll give 5 stars..thank you 
com.fsck.k9#52111:	   Get an error during update on Nexus 7. Cannot figure out how to post bug on website. Will rate 5 stars after successful update. 
com.fsck.k9#52115:	   Glitchy, with deleting messages, but a small price to pay...issues on k-@.. are worse... So many email apps.. This one does everything I need it to, for free ,and does it well... And without. Ads.... And compromised security like mymail. Leaves my messages on the server when I delete from the phone... Works soso with cloudprint. I have ten or so email accounts and I can't waste time with buggy crap. As far as I can see, nothing compares to k9. 
com.fsck.k9#52118:	   I have wrote many times but no body pay a interest over this issue 
com.fsck.k9#52120:	  I really liked this app and would have given it a 5 a couple of months ago. However something happened and it Uninstaller itself and when I reinstalled it, I couldn't get my AOL accounts set up again. I keep trying to remove and set them up again without any luck. Hopefully there will be another update that will correct this. 
com.fsck.k9#52133:	   Used to a very solid app for years now it crashes all the time and lots of problems sending mail. Its a shame, something changed with these guys. 
com.fsck.k9#52137:	   I've been using this app flawlessly for the past 2 years for my Penn State webmail account. Then on March 3rd, I suddenly stopped getting mail. Tried uninstalling and reentering settings but it said it couldn't connect. Help please. It might be the update for the OS on my Galaxy s5. 
com.fsck.k9#52139:	   Normally love this app but the new update is horrible. My mail won't load and then says connection error. Also when retrieving mail it just keeps saying it's retrieving but never retrieves anything. Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#52142:	   The box to the left to check off emails is gone and I can't add my AOL accounts. I get error messages when trying. 
com.fsck.k9#52163:	   I've got it working smoothly--polling and notifications included--with Yahoo, Outlook, and Gmail. The only major glitch is that I can't get it to work with Tesla Unread. Pro Tip: If you're using 2-step verification, don't forget to enter your app-specific password. 
com.fsck.k9#52164:	   Always excellent, and get fixes really fast :-) thank you! 
com.fsck.k9#52167:	   They fixed the server issues and continue to keep it a stable email app. Does everything I need it to. Thanks for making a great app! 
com.fsck.k9#52171:	   Yep. Fixed crashing after updating to 5.2 or something. Back to normal 
com.fsck.k9#52174:	   need spam filtering but was the 1 of the only email clients I could find that allowed you to select all messages and delete them at once. Update: it's a year later and K9 still holds the crown for features, compatibility, and performance. Update: vicious bug with 5.1 Lollipop-selecting a message (or messages) crashes the app! The dog walkers fixed this within a few hours. Wow! 
com.fsck.k9#52179:	   Due to its dark theming option K9 is my goto android email app. Unfortunitely on Android v5.1.0 K9 force closes anytime one or more emails are seleted from the left side list (check box). All other funtionality appear to work. This is true both on my Nexus 10 and 5 now that they run Android v5.1 while K9 did not have any issues with Android v5.0.2, hopefully this will be fixed soon. 
com.fsck.k9#52187:	   Would not authenticate at setup. I no longer waste time with programs/apps that don't work. It's the Programmers job, not mine. 
com.fsck.k9#52189:	   If this doesn't work exactly how you wish it to, then you haven't configured it correctly. Perfect email client for my tablet 
com.fsck.k9#52194:	   It is one of the most convenient mails as for interface and functions. But although I have the latest version stating that it has no longer this bug, the certificate error continues to appear. It does not affect the work of my mail, but still... Waiting for the next update. 
com.fsck.k9#52196:	   The email text is sometime not completely visible instead it is contained in 1 mm high scroll window which makes impossible to read the text. Please fix the issue and get 5 stars. 
com.fsck.k9#52198:	   Used to be able to get aol mail now it will not work with it 
com.fsck.k9#52215:	  It is very good but the sent folder does not sync. 
com.fsck.k9#52219:	   Any time I try and add a new gmail account, it crashes right after checking incoming server settings. Tried reinstalling and now I can't even set up ONE account! 
com.fsck.k9#52222:	   I love it just because it's open source and being actively developed. Didn't face even a single bug. GREAT JOB!!!! 
com.fsck.k9#52226:	   Tried it due to having at least 4 email accounts and want something to wrap it all in one. Just can't find a way to like it. Not sold on the layout and really hate the polling deal for notifications. I've legitimately lost emails when I should have at a certain time. Just can't do it. Probably good for others though. 
com.fsck.k9#52227:	   Worked wonderfully for a long time, then I did an update and it started crashing. Uninstalled it thinking it might need a wipe (cache/dalvik/folder delete) but now it won't even run after install.  on start. Shameful. 
com.fsck.k9#52228:	   Doesn't work with Gmail and 2fa. Requires application specific password. No, thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#52229:	   This was a 5 star app. It's now fairly 3.5 stars but going with 3 because it's definitely not a 4. The app is a battery killer. Not always, but some days I'll pick up my phone and it's abnormally warm and the battery life is unusually low. Then when I check my battery stats K9 is going bonkers every time. Otherwise it's a fine app but I can't afford to have my email app suck my battery dry and leave me without juice. FIX THIS! (Galaxy Note 3) 
com.fsck.k9#52230:	   Can't figure out how to download files larger than say 50K. I get corrupted files. These files open without any problems using "Inbox" or "Gmail". Tried adjusting the settings to 5 Meg push but still doesn't work. 
com.fsck.k9#52231:	   K-9 takes hours to send one picture and one sentance over a 20mbps+ connection. Abuses wakelocks which drains battery. Can't complete simple actions like deleting emails. Any mail you accidentally delete is gone forever because you "can't move or copy messages not synchronized with the server". Blue mail is faster and actually works! Don't waste your time or energy on this p.o.s 
com.fsck.k9#52235:	   i checked my mail throuhh crome and i can see all my msgs but with this app, some mails are missing. pls fix 
com.fsck.k9#52236:	   This app is good for managing your email. One of its strengths is being able to empty your trash in bulk. However one of my issues is that one of my email accounts will not allow me to send. When trying to set up, the application bombs. I end up having to send out another email account because one can not get set up completely. 
com.fsck.k9#52241:	   I used to love this app, now I hate it. With the latest version it freezes constantly and takes forever to load mail folders. It crashes and doesn't remove deleted items from the inbox until I exit and go back into the app. Sometimes only new mail is displayed in the inbox, other times all the mail with no rhyme or reason. Very frustrating since it was much better. 
com.fsck.k9#52243:	   I liked how it used 10mb of memory compared at others in the 30mb range. But it does not download the complete messages or pics. I have to manually tap on download and then wait. Sometimes pics still won't download. 
com.fsck.k9#52246:	   I like the app, but I receive an error message saying "Failed to send some messages" EVERY time I send an email. I then have to go to the Outbox & press the refresh button a couple of times in order for the email to successfully send. This happens every time I send an email. Every time! Btw, you're getting a lot of negative reviews from users. What gives? 
com.fsck.k9#52248:	   This was my go to email client on Android until the recent SSL warning issues. Have uninstalled it and am using stock email for now as it works correctly. Hopefully they fix the SSL issue so it recognizes a valid SSL again. 
com.fsck.k9#52249:	   Issue 1877 is still present - please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#52250:	   Update: Recently, when selecting one mail from the list, the another one opens... Fix it, please. Overall, the best mail app. The welcome addition would be a single notification when checking multiple accounts via unified inbox and swipe to delete in mail lists. Besides, great mail client, keep working :-) 
com.fsck.k9#52254:	   Not a bad app, but it is buggy. I frequently am unable to see my email, just a white box instead of the message. Sometimes playing with the theme settings will fix it but its not worth the hassle every time I want to check my email. 
com.fsck.k9#52259:	   Ever since the last update I'm no longer able to retrieve the last 25 emails from my server. I hope you can fix this. 
com.fsck.k9#52262:	   Used to be good but it can't handle large emails any more. Will they ever fix it? 
com.fsck.k9#52267:	   went over to Gmail for a while, like the newer UI. But it throws huge amounts of data on my limited dinosaur and even with that, is slow. Finally, too many problems with Play services so back to K-9. K-9's two stage downloading is most effective, quick, efficient. UI could use a good update, but as-is, very usable and friendly. 
com.fsck.k9#52275:	   this used to be a pretty good app however now it has issues could not get it to send email and created my account with wrong info. The only way to change it is by deleting the account. Actually I had to delete the app. This really needs to be fixed. Samsung galaxy s4 
com.fsck.k9#52286:	   Search capabilities are terrible. Searches don't load properly the majority of the time. 
com.fsck.k9#52301:	   Since the last few update, all it does is freeze up or crash. This was my go to email app for all my Android devices. Recommended to all family, friends and coworkers. Not anymore. Looking for a good replacement. 
com.fsck.k9#52309:	   Downloads do not work at all. All files are corrupt 
com.fsck.k9#52315:	   Since android 5.0 some emails only display the title and nothing else. Need a proper fix for android 5.0 
com.fsck.k9#52318:	   Sorry guys. I really like your app, but until you fix synchronization problems with yahoo I can only give you 3 stars. 
com.fsck.k9#52326:	   Crashes on Samsung WiFi only. Works great on my husbands S5. Please fix... 
com.fsck.k9#52329:	   I like K9, but I keep coming and going with it. The only real problem is that server side search isn;t working with Yahoo. It works with Gmail however. If this was fixed, I could just delete the rest. Support unread notifications and fully customisable. I'll hold back that last star until Yahoo server side search is working, 
com.fsck.k9#52331:	   Mark as Read from notification doesn't work, also, keeps hanging on Drafts folder. 
com.fsck.k9#52335:	   Much better than stock app. But still will not save to external SD after update to Lollipop 5.0 on S4 GPe. 
com.fsck.k9#52349:	   Certificate error still appears from time to time... Moreover, some of the old mails (from 05.2014) are read every day. It is annoying :/ 
com.fsck.k9#52356:	  Only works 50% of the time, the rest is certificate errors! Been using this app for years now, but it's been a mess ever since the lollipop update, and it doesn't look to be improving! Might have to switch to another app :( 
com.fsck.k9#52357:	   I really like K9 Mail, and bugs are usually solved quickly. Ever since the upgrade to Lollipop on my LG G3 I have the problem that some (quite a high percentage though) emails appear to have no body (except for a tiny, truncated line at the top). I have to rotate my phone to force the screen to redraw, which makes the email render correctly. When I rotate the phone back, the email renders as it is supposed to. If I use the phone sideways, it happens just as well, so I still have to rotate the phone. 
com.fsck.k9#52363:	   5 stars when it works. 1 star if it doesn't work at all. It works great 50% of the time..certificate errors the rest of the time. 
com.fsck.k9#52365:	   Authentication issues! :@ 
com.fsck.k9#52368:	  Like it a lot, but have an issue that sometimes only a small part of the mail is visible in the top section of the window. The mail scrolls though there but is impossible to read. 
com.fsck.k9#52373:	   Would open too many connections to gmail. No easy way to limit the number of connections it opens. Would frequently get errors when getting emails on other devices due to k9mail opening so many connections. 
com.fsck.k9#52378:	  Doesn't work with active exchange 
com.fsck.k9#52379:	   Just about to uninstall, totally not user friendly and no sign of anywhere to mark email as spam so they get routed to the trash , waste of time . Sorry if the facility is there but you should make it easy to find and set up ie 1 click spam reject and remember . 
com.fsck.k9#52380:	   Recent problems with blank email bodies. Downloading attachments can be incredibly slow, even with highest WiFi signal strength, near the router. 
com.fsck.k9#52384:	   1 draw back can't download attachment automatically 
com.fsck.k9#52385:	   Its an android app loaded with customizations for mails but no widget. Pass 
com.fsck.k9#52396:	   As of the latest update, I can no longer send e-mails through an SMTP server that has an unencrypted password logon. K9 sends a 550 error: User is unknown. 
com.fsck.k9#52409:	   I use this on all my phones and tablets. It has been crashing quite a lot lately but it's usually only once a week and works fine after that. 
com.fsck.k9#52411:	   I have been using K9 for years but have recently had some small issues. On occasion all messages show as read but the header still shows 1 unread message. Also id like to put in a feature request for printing. I can share to my HP app but it complains of unknown file type. 
com.fsck.k9#52412:	   Perfect mailer for dealing with non-standard email servers. Tons of options for a nearly every configuration. The only issue I have is in printing via share. Mail with html tags sends as text to the target app. Please add a ''send as Image" or "Pre render" feature. Currently screen capture is the only (unoptimal) work around. 
com.fsck.k9#52413:	   I can't believe I have not reviewed this! I have used it on my GNEX for a couple of years and it was great! I'm having a minor problem with notifications on my S5 but it could be me. 
com.fsck.k9#52414:	   If you separate all the problems caused by particular hardware and Android implementations, you will see that this email client, though not perfect-because there is no such thing- has no equal. With options such as: Local and sync server deletions, Cc/Bcc ,Receipts, Cryptographic options, Message format option, no ads, power, control, and much more. All it needs is for you to learn how to use it. I have been using it for a very long time and have always found work arounds for the unexpected quirks generated by the ware and tear of its use. Kind of feel like the stuff of a serious, powerful mail client that puts you in control doesn't it? That is because it is, and it shows what dedicated people in the open source community are able to do for us. They deserve our admiration. Excellent work. 
com.fsck.k9#52418:	   Before the last update I would have rated this with a 5 star. Now I can only receive emails but not reply or send new ones. Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#52426:	   I love this app, best interface and features around. However I sometimes get errors "sockettimeoutexception" and it won't send emails. Not sure if it's verizon or host gator where my email server is. 
com.fsck.k9#52429:	   Utter crap, crashes all the time. Don't bother. 
com.fsck.k9#52437:	  Same as previous version. "Certificate error" message appears randomly. Place roll back stable version. 
com.fsck.k9#52439:	   Nexus 7 (2012) using pop. Please fix. Thanks 
com.fsck.k9#52447:	   update solved the attachment issues. one main advantage is that on kitkat it is persistent in the background which gives my mail updates even though it's killed via a app manger. 
com.fsck.k9#52477:	   Since upgrading to lollipop keep getting server certificate errors. Go though the process to refresh and OK for a few hours then error comes back. Very annoying! Seems to be fixed in v5.002 update. 
com.fsck.k9#52483:	   Ever since last update my phone has been seriously lagging, have to restart and remove battery several times a day. Clean master helped me to identify that this is my problem app. I hate to remove it as it had been great until now. I just hope there is an update soon. I can't stand what it's doing to my phone. Please update soon it's killing my phone! 
com.fsck.k9#52484:	   K9 may be the best mailer on android, but that's a low bar, and the main reason I only use the phone or tablet for really urgent stuff. Not having hierarchical folder views is a throwback to the pre Unix days, not made for serious users. Also, K9 frequently hangs until some timeout, taking ages to pull in mail (I don't use push mail). Forcing stop and restarting makes it work normally again (for a while). 
com.fsck.k9#52488:	   Downloaded the app mid-dec 2014 and it works great with my Yahoo mail account. I decided to try K-9 because my android defat email client was REALLY frustrating (deleted emails would suddenly reappear). Never had problems with K-9, and when setting up my account it was able to know the incoming/outgoing yahoo server settings. 
com.fsck.k9#52491:	   Why can't the developer fix a simple but annoying problem? I left K9 in July because of a major problemeleted Emails constantly all come back en masse! It doesn't matter what I do, because every time I delete Emails, whenever new ones arrive, ALL the old deleted ones reappear. I delete them again; they come back again! I've given up on this flawed app. 
com.fsck.k9#52497:	   Bought a new phone tried to install it and cannot find in and outgoing servers. I know it's not me because when I connect it to other services it connects and goes right through. To bad they are not what they use to be. 
com.fsck.k9#52498:	   The 5star is only due to the past. After 5.0update the push email does not work. Are you aware of it? 
com.fsck.k9#52503:	   The app is constantly saying I'm getting errors due to the new Android 5.0.1 update. 
com.fsck.k9#52513:	   Pls fix it. 
com.fsck.k9#52515:	   It's nice enough to use, but it crashes ALL THE TIME. Mainly after deleting messages, but at other times too. 
com.fsck.k9#52517:	   I have been using K9 for a long time but the latest update has caused me to look at other apps. The biggest problem is a failure to auto-scan for new mail. It has to be refreshed manually. 
com.fsck.k9#52528:	   Can't get this to work with 2 step verification on gmail using the app specific password. I might be doing something wrong, but other apps directly support the two step process so l am moving on. 
com.fsck.k9#52530:	   K9 App has worked great for years and suddenly all I get is a "unfortunately k9 mail has stopped working" error message that repeats every few seconds on galaxy s5 that I have to force stop. From reading comments there is obviously a major problem that needs immediate attention 
com.fsck.k9#52531:	   Every 20 to 40 seconds I get the 'K9 mail has stopped working' error. I'll have to uninstall yet again. Even re-installation doesn't help. Too bad, it worked perfectly on my old phones. 
com.fsck.k9#52538:	   I have used k-9 for years until the latest update. Now I get crashes when it trys to retrieve mail. Im exploring alternatives. 
com.fsck.k9#52541:	   Another application that worked brilliantly and was incredibly versatile. but is now broken and so buggy that it's unusable. If you have access to an older version use that. Unlikely that the security compromises will hit you in the older version but certain that the new bugs will make you delete the app altogether. A real pity. Author: Do some basic testing yourself before release. Don't rely on your bug tracker. How did you manage to get such a brilliant app written in the first place with that attitude. Sticking to the older version. 
com.fsck.k9#52543:	   Having issues with deleting emails. App shuts down almost every time, but emails do delete. First time using this app and would rate it much higher if they would resolve the bug. Sent countless reports in, but no one's listening. 
com.fsck.k9#52551:	  Does not work with Office 365 through Exchange protocol 
com.fsck.k9#52555:	   App started force closing (stopping) today. Pls fix! 
com.fsck.k9#52556:	   Use android 4.4.2 on Verizon/Samsung S3. Just started popping up crash window tried everything from clearing cache, data to removal and reinstalling, no change. Symptom, app starts, I could see emails in my in box, 2 seconds then crash pop up displayed. 
com.fsck.k9#52566:	   Does what it should plus some. I love the encryption capabilities so easy with K9 and APG. I have used K9 for some time now and I have no complaints or problems. 
com.fsck.k9#52569:	   ... as it was. Push mail not working proerly. Polling as well. Drains too much battery. Sorry. Uninstalling.... 
com.fsck.k9#52573:	   This was a great email app until it was updated, now "it appears to have stopped working" which is rubbish. Now having to install something different as I need my email. K9 dog walkers, I think the collar snapped and your dog has run away.....just like your customers will. 
com.fsck.k9#52582:	   K9 was the best solution (especially) for people with multiple E-mail accounts both on Android Jellybeans and KitKat versions. I recently upgraded to Lollipop on my Google Nexus 5 and that's when my problems started and only grown since. I perceive a general problem with syncing both whilst sending out and receiving mails. Also I mostly get mails in clusters and that too after rebooting. Some mails, I fear, get lost in transit. URGENT upgrade mandatory to sustain it's utility and thereby retain clientele. 
com.fsck.k9#52583:	  After last update have been getting errors. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still getting errors. 
com.fsck.k9#52584:	   Atatchments do not attach, says they do but they dont, try to set folders for storage and tells me browser not found, its just so buggy, not impressed at all 
com.fsck.k9#52585:	   Buggy, laggy and never loads all new emails. Crashes, freezing, and constant restarts bogging down my Xperia Z1. Sadly have to find a whole new email app. 
com.fsck.k9#52586:	   Every 30 seconds it gives me an error message saying that K9mail has stopped. Even when it's not open. Makes the phone basically unusable. Uninstalling. 
com.fsck.k9#52587:	  Didn't work with exchange 2010 
com.fsck.k9#52589:	   Notifications enabled, but not getting any. 
com.fsck.k9#52591:	   Was great before latest update. Now constantly crashes checking IMAP box with over 125 msgs. Will start looking for a new app. 
com.fsck.k9#52593:	   Frequently fails to send replies. Things sometimes show up in inexplicable order. I like the capabilities and orientation of this mail program, but... on note 3 
com.fsck.k9#52595:	   The interface of this is simple to use but on many emails i get a blank page and a connection error message at the bottom; when i open the same message with another email client, they open fine, so i am uninstalling this. 
com.fsck.k9#52604:	   Use this to st phone email problems 
com.fsck.k9#52614:	   I have been using K9 Mail for years now and it was my favorite but I cannot log into , my own server. Please fix and let me know. I will give it a HI5 
com.fsck.k9#52615:	   No support Ask you not to rate the app bur send a mail and you get NO support App keeps crashing and has made whole phone un useable Have taken app off and cannot re install 
com.fsck.k9#52618:	   I've been through the settings several times and just can not find a way to sync with Outlook. Wish you could add or change folder. 
com.fsck.k9#52626:	   Was great until latest update. Syncing is disabled, seems many have the same issue. 
com.fsck.k9#52630:	   The options on this app are incredible. Beautiful... I have 2 issues though: (1) I still experience issues with server searches on Outlook. The mails that I seek are found, but not displayed. (2) Starred mails should be displayed without being limited by a time frame or the number of mails that I keep on my device. I keep just 25 mails on my device. If a starred mail is the 26th, it is dropped from the starred mail count and not displayed. 
com.fsck.k9#52639:	   Recently it is not syncing my existing (old) emails only new emails 
com.fsck.k9#52641:	   , asks me for certificate errors all the time, huge spike in data usage since last update. Please fix this, app is unusable right now. 
com.fsck.k9#52643:	   I've used this app for years, until the last update. Totally messed up my email, I can no longer use this app for anything. If it ain't broke don't mess with it. Had to uninstall. Fix please. 
com.fsck.k9#52644:	   Got a software update for Lollipop, and I continue to get certificate errors! This is terrible! 
com.fsck.k9#52652:	   I don't know where to start. I was expecting a working open source client and it's not. Threaded view doesn't work, configuration is a nightmare, but the worst is Battery life. I used to get 1.5 to 2 days of moderate usage out of my G2, now I get about 8h tops, without even using it!!! Keeps the cpu awake like a maniac (I'm talking tens of thousands of wakelocks, every day with only 2 barely used imap accounts). It's just not usable. 
com.fsck.k9#52654:	   Lots of great configurable options. Have had only rare issues. Not as good as Gmail but that's a high bar to clear, and this is open source. 
com.fsck.k9#52655:	   It worked for 2 years. Just crashed and will not connect to server to recognize accounts. No gmail, no aol, and besides no reply button in landscape which was very annoying. Get mymail app or bluemail, both considerably better. K-9 is officially an obsolete dinosaur. 
com.fsck.k9#52656:	   I use this app for my Hotmail. ..on Samsung Galaxy Note3. I really really like it....very reliable. The only issue I've had lately is when I have a sent email that fails to Send and go through...due to wrong address or something. ..it CONTINUOUSLY trues to resend it just to fail. I have had to Uninstall app 3 times now due to this to stop that transaction from continuing. Other than that I'm happy with it! 
com.fsck.k9#52659:	   As of 11/18/14 it is no longer getting email please fix asap. Ok i uninstalled the app, reinstalled and readded my enail accounts and now it works 
com.fsck.k9#52662:	  didn't work with exchange 
com.fsck.k9#52663:	   I've used this app for several years, but due to the latest update it hasn't worked with Yahoo for over a month so I'm sorry to say that I'm deleting this app for another email client. 
com.fsck.k9#52665:	   Increasing number of error messages almost daily 
com.fsck.k9#52669:	   This was my favorite email app until the latest version. The latest version crashes frequently, so I found a different email app. Perhaps I will give K9 another chance. It was great when it worked. 
com.fsck.k9#52674:	   It crashes every time I use it. It makes my tablet overheat. Can never use it more then 5 minutes until it crashes 
com.fsck.k9#52679:	   Since updating to Android 5 (Lollipop), K9 will no longer send mail with my iCloud account. I get an "com.fsck.k9.mail.CertificateValidationException: Handshake failed" error in the log. My Gmail accounts work just fine***, but I'm fairly certain the problem is with K9 because the Gmail app sends mail on my iCloud account just fine. When it's working, this is a great app -- PLEASE FIX IT! ***EDIT: it's started giving me certificate errors on my Gmail accounts as well now. 
com.fsck.k9#52681:	   Cannot get it to work on Samsung Note. Default confirm are wrong and cannot be changed. Good luck to other users. 
com.fsck.k9#52683:	   I've tried other clients and al be it they look pretty but they all have one problem, they lack functionality, I have not come across another program yet where I can pull up the headers. Sure you get a senders name but that's it, where's the detail, where did this email originate from? And that's the problem with every other program I've tried. 
com.fsck.k9#52685:	   K-9 is the client from hell, i can't even add my very first, email address to the client without it crashing, it's the least stable client on planet neptune 
com.fsck.k9#52690:	  Doesn't work with exchange/outlook 
com.fsck.k9#52694:	   I've been using this app for a few years now with my pop mail account. ( My provider does not offer IMAP ) A few days ago it crashed, and when I restarted it all 900+ messages were gone. Not happy about the glaring lack of a backup procedure for messages! 
com.fsck.k9#52698:	   But now spins progress with nothing and hogs bandwidth. Not amused either. Can you roll back the version so we can have working email again? Thx 
com.fsck.k9#52699:	   not working in mly fone....... 
com.fsck.k9#52704:	   This is the best email app I could find. Not the prettiest but functional. Plus: quiet time is a function that more apps should have. This is the reason I don't use the all new gmail app. Niggles: emails are often displayed in miniature font which makes them impossible to read. On some accounts, such as yahoo, emails don't get deleted when I delete them with the app. 
com.fsck.k9#52711:	   It worked great for a long time, then it just stopped working. I really miss it. 
com.fsck.k9#52718:	   I also see a significant (56%) increase in battery usage on ver 5.000. The fact it is being reported in ver 5.001 suggests upgrading are not going to fix it. The issues expressed by others make me think updating should be avoided at this time. The reply button does not appear in landscape mode. 
com.fsck.k9#52719:	   Hi Team, Please release a working update asap. Since last update the mail is not working even with gmail. Please the apps 5 star status :-) 
com.fsck.k9#52720:	   Having problem with all the email you cannot reply. 
com.fsck.k9#52722:	   Gmail just had a terrible update. I find K-9 is a really good replacement. My only complaint is the group conversations isn't working. 
com.fsck.k9#52723:	   Doesn't appear to work at all, and that's just going to Gmail :-( Load 26 more just displays some error message which is gone too fast to read and returns you to the same empty screen. 
com.fsck.k9#52727:	   This app doesn't have the high security protocols to connect to Gmail. You have to set your Google Gmail account to a less secure setting to let this app connect. If you do that anyone and anything can try and access your account without you knowing it. So don't use this app. 
com.fsck.k9#52728:	   Since the last update, I've been getting certificate errors. It's not the host. Based on what I'm seeing here, other puerile are having the same problem. Unable to securely send or receive makes this app useless, sadly. 
com.fsck.k9#52737:	   Despite having it configured to store mail on the SD card for some reason it still hogs the internal storage, even for mail that isn't within the fetch window. I'm unsure why, and wish they would fix it. 
com.fsck.k9#52741:	   Each upgrade seems to make it slower and more bloated, frequent errors and freezing issues are a daily occurrence 
com.fsck.k9#52745:	   The latest updates fixed the freeze issue. Now it's just perfect. Love it. 
com.fsck.k9#52746:	   I cannot send email! It's there a problem with go daddy hosting? Last update prohibits sending mail. I have my own domain & Samsung GS5. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#52749:	   Several years ago I tried numerous email apps. This was the best, now I can't send mail. Why fix what's not broken? Do the same idiots that own tune in own k9? 
com.fsck.k9#52753:	   Can't send email. Error logs, too many! This was the best until last update. Now I hate it. 
com.fsck.k9#52757:	   Wouldn't stop syncing drained my battery 
com.fsck.k9#52760:	   While it does not have features like rich text message composition / signatures or a flashy appearance (thanks!!) it does the job that a proper email application should. Not only that but the UI is very intelligently thought out especially when it comes to multiple select-deletes, or forwarding emails, and it also easily allows me to send a reply from any of my email accounts. It is also pretty lightweight and fast. After reading some of the reviews of problems after v.5.0x, I had to go and see what I had and I do have 5.001 which works just fine for me. I have maybe 7 accounts (2 of which are IMAP) and all get handled well. The 5th star will be given when it supports rich text composition (as an option) and when it looses the dumb dog icon - never did like that. Keep up the good work! 
com.fsck.k9#52761:	   Attachment to mail especially PDF throw up an error when attempted to open. Not a great assignment. 
com.fsck.k9#52762:	   Can no longer send or receive emails...authentication errors. Worked great before, now useless. 
com.fsck.k9#52767:	   Getting all kinds of exceptions and push errors showing up in "all messages" ever since update to 5.0 Update: Reverted to 4.803. Problems solved. 
com.fsck.k9#52769:	   Great app (normally) and I use it for years but sense last update I keep getting Errors sending emails from my ipage email accounts . This is normally a 5 star app but not anymore... waiting for a quick fix 
com.fsck.k9#52770:	   Overall good app. I have the folloeing issues though: I get 'connot send' send errors in a loop since I once had a send error, the msg ia in the notifications but it is too long to read and for some reason it is not in the app's 'error' folder. The other issue is that there is no way to select multiple emails, you eather select all or one. Implement it like in gmail's app pls. 
com.fsck.k9#52771:	   Never had a problem, works fine with latest update on Kitkat Galaxy S5. 
com.fsck.k9#52772:	   Ive used this email client for years..latest update is full of issues. Lost all emails. Seldom reveives them now. Very Upsetting 
com.fsck.k9#52773:	   Full IMAP access. Great. Problem? Select all then Mark as read and archiving only intermittently works in my 5 different IMAP accounts. 5 stars if this basic must works properly. 
com.fsck.k9#52774:	   Was a great app, used for over a year without a problem; latest update trashed everything - emails being deleted before read, each sync deleting the previous mails. Moved to blue mail. Times like this where I wouldn't have minded paying for the app to get better support. 
com.fsck.k9#52776:	   How can an open-source, community driven, email app NOT natively recognize the most widely used protocol on the Internet? I swear humans are getting dumber by the day. It won't get fixed either. This project is dead. 
com.fsck.k9#52779:	   Was my favorite email app, just upgraded to the Galaxy Note 4 and I am unable to upload AOL just get a server error message. Looked around for a replacement but could not find anything I like as much as this one. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#52780:	  It's good, and free as in freedom, but it doesn't seem to manage connection errors and unstable signals very well: when it happens the checking mail notification doesn't go away 
com.fsck.k9#52784:	   I've been using this app for many years & since this last update, nothing but issues. I also just got a new phone & can't even set it without an error! 
com.fsck.k9#52786:	  Good app but too many problems with yahoo mail. Update : emails sent from k9 go to spam at the receiving end while emails sent from same account with different program go to inbox. Tested this with 2 other programs. Weird. 
com.fsck.k9#52788:	   I have loved the app till now. I get tons of errors that fill up the k9 error folder each day. Get this so it does not show up and you will get a 5 
com.fsck.k9#52791:	   This ap was absolutely perfect for me before the latest update. Now, it won't automatically download my emails and notify me, even having set it to do so for every 1 hour, and when I do download the emails I can't actually read any of them due to the constant 'connection error' that occurs! 
com.fsck.k9#52793:	   For 90% of my email, this works great using the dark theme. But for one type, it just won't work (it used to, but either the app changed a while back, or the sender changed formats). For example, I get email promotions from Fry's Electronics that has images for the special deals. With this app, using the dark theme, they are all totally blank. I can click on one, and be taken to the web page via the browser, but that's a pain, and I can't even tell what it is first. Using the light theme works fine. I've tried both "show pictures" and "download complete message", but neither one works for these images. I'd enter a bug report, but they make it too hard to do unless you know exactly what the cause is. I can provide an example, but I don't know why it happens because most email looks fine. It's probably something to do with the email source. I tried another email app with a dark theme, and it behaved the same way. 
com.fsck.k9#52794:	   By far the best mail app. Works with every email service I've tried. Rarely has issues, and is usually caused by poor handling of existing connection issues. 
com.fsck.k9#52795:	   Love this app, BUT the past couple of weeks can't send emails. I can receive but not send. Maybe I need to reinstall... But I don't look forward to that! 10-26, still having problems sending or forwarding email... I may have to switch apps :-(, I used to love this app... Seems to be getting worse everyday! 
com.fsck.k9#52799:	   I have been using this app for years, never had a problem until last update. I have been fighting this app for data usage. And every week it keeps going higher and higher over past few months. 
com.fsck.k9#52800:	   Well after last update everything stopped working. After fiddling about, export settings, uninstall/reinstall import settings, still same probs. So uninstalled/reinstalled and set up accounts one at a time and everything is ok again. Still best mail app on Android! 
com.fsck.k9#52801:	   Spam folder disappeared, app stopped receiving new email, and it gives an IO error for the inbox. Not amused... 
com.fsck.k9#52802:	   Wtf. You just lost me over a 100 email. Fix it 
com.fsck.k9#52811:	   This is simply the best email app out there. One minor issue while working with android wear smart watch: if you don't clear old email notification, you won't be able to see the details when there are two or more email notifications-just show you how many emails and you can't expand the notification. Please fix... 
com.fsck.k9#52815:	   Sent items from phone does not sync with Outlook....no autosuggestions while typing names in compose mail... Of very little use as you can't reply to trail mail....please give better suggestions for these problems 
com.fsck.k9#52817:	   Last few updates I can't move mail between folders. Thinking of leaving K9. 
com.fsck.k9#52821:	   My mail box went missing, only new unread mail can be receive aft read then the mail also will be missing. Reinstalled but same problem. No mail to keep in phone whether is imap or pop3. Please fix and help. Was a very good app until this happen 
com.fsck.k9#52828:	   I tried to set up smtp for multiple accounts, but they all failed. I tried putting in full email and username only. I tried different ports. I tried different authentications. It might just be my phone (galaxy s4). I also tried searching the bug reporter. I wanted to post a bug report, but it wasn't clear how to go about it. I'll try it again in the future, but for now I've wasted too much time. 
com.fsck.k9#52830:	   Update: Problem resolved by latest update and everything works perfectly again now. Thank you! 
com.fsck.k9#52832:	   I use this with my school account but when I try to send emails from the app. It always fails. Then it continously give me notifications of the failed email. I wish It worked better. 
com.fsck.k9#52834:	   Have a dozen email accounts managed by this app for past 4 or more years. unfortunately all of my emails are throwing certificate errors on read. Please fix, I need you! 
com.fsck.k9#52836:	   Have reverted to a backup of v4 as smtp send appears to be broken in v5 (SSL/TLS certificate problem) and still not fixed in 5.001 update. Have used K9 for years now so hope this will be fixed soon as I'd like to stick with it. 
com.fsck.k9#52843:	   Doesn't save deleted email when you delete them they come back. 
com.fsck.k9#52844:	   One been using K9 mail for a year our so.. Some this update, it now doesn't work. I get an error message telling me I can't change my user name. I didn't change anything.. It just stopped working! Arrgghh.. It's a shame, gotta find a new app.. 
com.fsck.k9#52847:	   Good software. But cannot sent email after update. Please fix it. 
com.fsck.k9#52850:	  I was using the app but suddenly it started crashing I reported it and to my surprise it consumed my 1.7GB data.... 
com.fsck.k9#52852:	   Since I updated, I cannot send emails. All my settings are correct for my outgoing server....please sort out this critical problem 
com.fsck.k9#52860:	   & it crashes each time you try to empty Trash folder to free space. Cannot attach images from camera. 
com.fsck.k9#52867:	   I'm having same proplem sending after installing update to 5.001. Latest version will not allow me to send. Sounds like that is not the only proplem with the new release. It has already taken too long for a fix or going back to an earlier version with less problems. I need to find a new app. 
com.fsck.k9#52878:	   The latest update is great, has resolved many issues, k9 works well now with my Samsung Galaxy S5 
com.fsck.k9#52883:	   Quick scrolling in messages list lagging quite bad, even in phones with so many cores, outrageous RAM & lots of storage space. Super slow when searching old mail in online folder. When an inbox is open, new mail come & opened not from notification, the notification wont go away until manually cleared or reopen mail by tapping the notification. Deleting mail directly from notification causes screen to unlock. Fixes & improvements will be highly anticipated. 
com.fsck.k9#52897:	   Works as it should, used for nearly a year and never had a problem. 
com.fsck.k9#52900:	  Update has completely ruined what used to be an incredible tool. Cannot connect to server. Hopefully you'll address this issue. 
com.fsck.k9#52906:	  New 5.1 Upgrade Failed 
com.fsck.k9#52917:	   Das einzige, was (schon seit Jahren) fehlt, und wohl auch gem des entsprechenden Issues nicht mehr eingebaut wird, sind HTML Signaturen. 
com.fsck.k9#52919:	   I have used this app for a couple of years now. It has never failed on me! 
com.fsck.k9#52922:	   does it or does it not work with yahoo acounts ? mine doesn't !!!! i cannot send emails!!!! error auth plain NEGATIVE SMTP 
com.fsck.k9#52924:	   Great app really brought back alot of features that were lost from earlier Android mail. Really easy to setup and touch wood not a single crash from this gem. Bad: I am using this for 3 email accounts on my home screen but I can't change the name of the home screen link. All show k-9 mail, could do with renaming feature. Also all other mail apps tend to show the number of unread emails on the icon this doesn't. Lastly, no feedback option within the app to say this stuff!? 
com.fsck.k9#52926:	  Can't find something as simple as creating a new folder. 
com.fsck.k9#52930:	   This app has been causing a battery drain. The first thing I do in the morning now is stop the app because my phone is hot. Hopefully a fix is coming soon. 
com.fsck.k9#52932:	   Please fixed soon, after an update, it extremely draining my battery very fast.. 
com.fsck.k9#52937:	   Was great email client before last update. Always errors when downloading new emails for no reason. 
com.fsck.k9#52938:	   Continuously prompts to check server setting. Please fix this bug FAST. EDITED: I don't know if you guys actually did anything,... but K9 has been working fantastic today. For that,... I THANK YOU SINCERELY. 
com.fsck.k9#52939:	   K9 constantly "synchs" for minutes at a time and tells me all good, but doesn't download emails when on cellular network. Have checked settings, doesn't seem to be that. Seems to only actually synch when manually told to do so and over WiFi. I can't trust it is showing me my latest emails 
com.fsck.k9#52940:	   On my Z3 compact, it crashes after a few minutes use. I spend a lot of time in email so this isn't any use to me. 
com.fsck.k9#52944:	   Was a great app but ever since the update, I keep getting certificate errors even though everything is configured correctly. Very annoying that my notification bar is filled with these false positive error messages. Also I noticed my battery drains faster because of always getting the errors. I uninstalled and did a Google search for top email clients and moved over to Blue Mail. Couldn't be happier and no more stupid error messages! 
com.fsck.k9#52945:	   Since last upgrade, continusually get error message to check my email server settings. Can't see a tt hing wrong with them but am now having some Issues with messages downloading fully. I planned to go to the developer site to report this, but I cant find where to leave this info. If I uninstall app snd then reinstall it fresh, would my already downloaded emails still be there? 
com.fsck.k9#52946:	   I have been using this app for a long time never had an issue with it and the last month I have to import my account settings twice, which is not a big deal but a little bit annoying. It looks like k-9 every time is updating must does everything from he beginning. If you need .more info please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#52950:	   Just received Ver 5.000 and I nolonger can access my email accounts. "Certificate Error". Lets get this fixed. It never asks to get a certificate, press next and it says "Connecting to server" and then it ends. The good news is I can send & receive emails, but when it polls is when I get the Certificate Error notification. I have tried your suggestion, but it doesn't work. Your app now on my phone, constantly posts "Certificate Missing" . And with that, your app eats my battery up. So I have uninstalled your app. I need my emails and whether I post here or on your link on google that I can't find where to post a problem, My post will remain here. I have tried reinstalling, and it failed again. I really think your product applicaton is really great, but since the last update, its been a disaster. So I have moved to a different email client. You can post here if and when you fixed the problem. 
com.fsck.k9#52951:	   Certificate errors and the like. Worked wonderfully for months until today. 
com.fsck.k9#52954:	   Nearly always crashes after a few seconds. Eats much too much too much energy. Last update made a mess out of previously good K-9. Fully useless! 
com.fsck.k9#52960:	   The update made installation problems and I can't add accounts 
com.fsck.k9#52961:	   Nice that it's open source but with Gmail, I often get blank messages or "connection error" after I tap on new messages in my inbox. 
com.fsck.k9#52966:	   Cannot send email. Have contacted K-9 with problem. No response. 
com.fsck.k9#52969:	  New update is crap. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#52971:	   solve my company email problem. Better if can have preview gadget 
com.fsck.k9#52974:	   I am trying using K-9 mainly for offline search and it seems to work just fine. However my sent email at Office 365 is in folder called Sent Items (likely this is always the case with Outlook and cannot be changed) and, despite I specifically configured K-9 to sync Sent Items, it still insists on syncing Sent (and finds nothing). I hope this issue can be patched. Thanks a lot for the great tool! Update: Go to 'Account settings > Fetching mail > Incoming server' and press the "Next" button. This will refresh setting and cause K-9 to sync Sent Items. 
com.fsck.k9#52975:	  Ever since the upgrade all my mail is placed in the K-9 error mailbox after polling each account. Moreover, the app never finishes polling. I need to force-stop the app each time. What had happened to K-9? 
com.fsck.k9#52976:	   As of 10/2/2014 this app is unusable. All I get are cert errors. No way to get it to stop. My hosting providers cert does not match my domain name, but most email apps allow you to ignore this. Not sure if this is related to the error I'm getting but it went from working to DoA after installing the new version. Had to uninstall it and look for an alternative. 
com.fsck.k9#52980:	   Do not use automatic update for this app. The latest version 5.0 is incompatible with most email providers and K9s response is to get you provider to upgrade their system. NOT customer friendly! 
com.fsck.k9#52981:	   AOL used to install automatically, now I have to change the parameters for pop3. I tried to send you a bug report but that link didn't work 
com.fsck.k9#52982:	   I have used k9 for years, but unfortunately this latest update has made it too annoying to use. It still works well and has more functionality than any other email app I can find (that is why it is 3 stars and not 1), but the constant certificate errors for my 3 imap accounts are driving me crazy. I hope they are able to fix this issue so I can setup my email in K9 again (but for now Blue Mail will work). 
com.fsck.k9#52983:	   Lots of options, but for some reason the push feature was not working, although scheduled polling worked fine. 
com.fsck.k9#52988:	   Hotmail on KitKat now broken with new release of K9. Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#52990:	   I've used this app for months to replace the crappy stock mail app on my Galaxy S5 without an issue. After speaking with clients later in the day today, I realized none of the emails sent this morning were sent. They were all hanging out in my outbox folder! After multiple attempts at resolving the problem, I gave up and defaulted to using my Gmail to send my messages. Thanks for the update that made me blow my productive work day! 
com.fsck.k9#52991:	   I have APG installed, and K9 lists 2 copes of APG in the list. If I select the first and try to decrypt a message, it says no suitable application found. If I select the second one, it says openpgp error null. 
com.fsck.k9#52992:	   As an e-mail app for Android, I love K-9. It's flexibility means you can do anything you want (I never hit limits), and the UI is intuitive and easy to work with. However: I recently noticed my phone was draining its battery too fast. I did some tests, fully charging the phone, rebooting it, leaving K-9 open in the background to pick up my emails, but reading them with another app I wanted to try out. 10 hours later, K-9 had run up one hour of "keep awake" time (even though I hadn't opened the app once - it was all background) and the other app (that I'd used throughout the day) just 9 minutes. So I disabled K-9, but the "keep awake" time kept increasing one minute in ten, so some background process was obviously thrashing the CPU. The next day, phone rebooted, K-9 disabled - the phone is cooler to touch and its charge lasted the full day. I don't know which update introduced the problem, but at some point K-9 has started using too much battery, where other apps (used in the same way) have not. I like the app enough to return to it - after some more upgrades, especially if they mention battery issues - I'll probably give it another try. 
com.fsck.k9#52995:	   Have loved this app since I discovered it but the last app update has made it useless. Says outgoing settings are wrong so won't send nothing. I've not changed it and double checked. Please fix asap. 
com.fsck.k9#52998:	   Why does K9 mail enable all its autostart entries by itself? It's very annoying issue. I think I should be uninstall it. 
com.fsck.k9#53002:	   Not working since update!!! 
com.fsck.k9#53003:	   The most recent update sends error notifications for no reason, and has some other issues too 
com.fsck.k9#53004:	   I've been using this app for years you guys upgraded it and this s*** doesn't work anymore please! fix it asap 
com.fsck.k9#53008:	   New version no longer could download my icloud email. Had to go to github and reinstall last stable version. Please fix! I've loved it til now. 
com.fsck.k9#53009:	   Great email client is now an incessant torrent of error messages. Had to force close. Worthless until a fix is done. Galaxy S4 
com.fsck.k9#53012:	   since the update yesterday, i am unable to send mail. i've re-entered my password, i've tried every version of accepting (or not) certificates and encrypting (or not). you have made your app pointless. EDIT. problem seems to have resolved. but don't beta test upgrades on users. 
com.fsck.k9#53013:	   Now I can't send emails, but I can receive them. It seems to have corrupted my security data. I have reloaded many times with no change. Incidentally the older program still works fine on my other phone. Do not update it or it may fail. 
com.fsck.k9#53015:	   Won't set up my Gmail account, constantly crashes as set up is underway. 
com.fsck.k9#53017:	   Was great before latest update. I get error with certificate. 
com.fsck.k9#53018:	   Every time i open it, it force closes. I have used this email app for a few years and have always liked it. Please, please fix whatever happened in the last update!!! 
com.fsck.k9#53020:	   I have been using K9 for my Yahoo email account for about 4 years. I have a mail server at home which downloads and deletes my Yahoo emails (which is why I don't use Yahoo's app). I have had the same exact settings on K9 since the beginning. Never had an issue. Now the latest K9 update has caused issues. I keep getting certificate error nag messages but the app still works. 
com.fsck.k9#53023:	   Can't access or send new mail except over wifi now (Internet & Gmail apps still work fine over cell or wifi) . And I can't select & delete multiple messages anymore. What's happened to this previously good app? 
com.fsck.k9#53025:	   Certificate error all around, the wiki is not helping either 
com.fsck.k9#53026:	   Worked perfect before last update---- please fix 
com.fsck.k9#53027:	   Used to work perfect and now I get force closes and can't send even after a complete reset the after hours of tech support I tried added the account back into k9 while leaving the old one still in k9 and it sent an email once then crashed again deleted all accounts and added them back and again some send some don't no matter what hour outbox says it looks like it sent but never get delivered anywhere.. I this is only on some accounts for the mail account. 
com.fsck.k9#53030:	   Can't use it anymore, it keeps crashing!!! 
com.fsck.k9#53032:	   This one great ap has now been turned useless. I have 12 email accts I apparently need to enter into a new ap since this one can't run more than 10 seconds at a time before telling me it's stopped working. (Insert sarcasm here) I'm thrilled... :( 
com.fsck.k9#53033:	   I used to use the built in Android mail program, but had a lot of various issues. Got fed up and downloaded this. Loved this program. Updates have only made it better. -update 1/27/14: reply to an email, save it as a draft, come back to it later, you'll notice part of the first line of the original email and part of the first line of the reply have swapped. Why? 
com.fsck.k9#53035:	   Worked great until the last update. Some accounts work but there is one that keeps telling me the authentication error with the server. The server, user name and password is very correct. 
com.fsck.k9#53038:	   I can not retrieve my apple/mac email now. It keeps saying authentication plain!! The outgoi. Server works but not the incoming!!! I missed two important emails yesterday because of this!! Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#53040:	   Will return to a 5 star when fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#53044:	   Keeps crashing, cannot use. Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#53045:	   Was a good app but upgrade is broken. TLS certificate error when getting mail. Unsure if password is compromised. 
com.fsck.k9#53047:	   App used to be great but no longer works. When I try to open it, I repeatedly get an error message that says the app has stopped working. That message pops up repeatedly even after I kill the app. Had to uninstall. So sad, I've used this app for years and now must find another one. 
com.fsck.k9#53048:	   was a great app now after the update it is useless please fix 
com.fsck.k9#53049:	   Ever since this one installed it keep crashing. ... 
com.fsck.k9#53050:	   Upgrade makes it crash repeatedly! Don't install! 
com.fsck.k9#53052:	   1 star for the current version, 5 for previous. Keeps crashing 
com.fsck.k9#53063:	   Ever since the update I get daily errors about an invalid certificate. But if I go to the account screen and connect, all is fine. The really odd thing, is that K-9 has NO option to accept any certificate. All implementations of OpenSSL allow you to accept any cert and encrypt the channel - K-9 should have this, and just ignore any potential errors. I am not worried about a MitM attack, so just quit nagging me - or if there is a real error, tell me what it is. 
com.fsck.k9#53065:	   I have about 10 email accounts and they were all working fine. Now 8 of them say "Certificate error" 
com.fsck.k9#53070:	   Now getting cert error. 
com.fsck.k9#53073:	   Was an excellent email app. But the latest update has instantly broken it, with error messages for no reason. Will have to go elsewhere unless it is sorted very quickly. Very disappointed. 
com.fsck.k9#53075:	   The latest version 5RC1 breaks with many popular mail services. Yahoo, 1and1 to name just 2. I had ranked this a 5 star app until this downgrade. Hold off until they fix it. I wish I had. 
com.fsck.k9#53076:	   Update: Devs: the Jan2014 update: the app crashes, is very unstable. Will update rating after the bugs are fixed. SG2 CM @ 4.3.1. God bless you guys. Thanks for this great app. Working fine on the galaxy tab 1, A500, Note3 & GS2. 
com.fsck.k9#53079:	  Upgrade causing errors with yahoo accounts 
com.fsck.k9#53080:	   Used no work great but since I updated earlier today I can't send emails. Please fix or I will have to uninstall and use another app. 
com.fsck.k9#53081:	   Was a 5-star app until the update. Now it causes errors with my Yahoo accounts. Please fix this, otherwise I need to search for a new mail app. 
com.fsck.k9#53082:	   I love this app and it's great for what I use it for -- multiple secure IMAP connections, including one to a fussy MSExchange service. But the latest version here stores HUGE numbers of "Exception: message count -1 for folder XXX" and I/O errors and PUSH errors in the K9 Errors folders -- and these aren't errors. They're what happen when you walk around with a mobile device and change wifi speeds, access points, and cell towers. And those exceptions now take up space in your message storage for the app. Also they've discontinued the option for older security methods -- and that's great for security, except when you have to turn security OFF because you can't personally upgrade the server you have to use. I may have to downgrade to maintain usability for my needs, but in all I'm very happy with this app and the hard work from the development team to keep this a five-star product. 
com.fsck.k9#53083:	   Unable to delete emails using the recycle bin icon. Please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#53084:	   Keep getting certificate errors with latest update (v5.000). Having to manually check settings to read mail on Yahoo mail servers is a pain. Never had a problem before this update. On Moto X with KitKat. 
com.fsck.k9#53087:	   Just updated, can't send mail. Went to website, no way to send comments on problems. Please fix. Good dog K9 
com.fsck.k9#53093:	   I've always used K9 but with several accounts it is annoying that the polling intervals cannot be set individually. It appears that they can but they always revert to the interval that is shortest. This results in an unnecessary use of bandwidth - not significant on Wi-Fi but important on mobile data. It seems like it should be a simple fix to prevent the greedy use of data unnecessarily. 
com.fsck.k9#53096:	   Each update turns the widget name to default. Please fix it. Account names turn to "K-9 Mail" I have many email accounts and have to rename them all on each update. 
com.fsck.k9#53097:	   First impression was good, but process hangs up. Everytime problems with folder "all msg." 
com.fsck.k9#53107:	   I have been trying to find a way to download coupons that come with barcodes so I have them available when i don't have access to the internet this has solved my problem so easy to setup and very intuitive Thumbs Up! 
com.fsck.k9#53114:	   But why is there no widget showing all incoming mail? Would be very useful... 
com.fsck.k9#53124:	   very confusing terminology, "polling folders"...I dont understand as opposed to "fetching" or "checking". I cant download attachments or view them. Looks like Gmail but does not work like Gmail at all. 
com.fsck.k9#53132:	   After months of using it just stop working, thank you for services :( 
com.fsck.k9#53148:	   Not useful for me at least. ..... 
com.fsck.k9#53153:	   Stock email app wouldn't register internode email, this worked straight away and was very easy to set up. 
com.fsck.k9#53154:	   Every time I try to set up gmail account it gives an error . 
com.fsck.k9#53156:	   As long as you don't have more than five email accounts, you will like this app. The issue I ran into was I couldn't install more than five accounts. As soon as problem is fixed, I'll probably come back to this 
com.fsck.k9#53174:	   On the plus side, it was very easy to add email accounts. On the minus side, the setup was badly designed. Conflict ? Maybe, but for some reason the setup procedure picks up EVERY folder AND file on your host - in my case creating 4 times as many "email" accounts that actually existed. I suspect maybe a bug ? So, for example, if you have a FILE on your server called myFile.php K9 picks this up as another email folder ! Seriously bad bit of design there. You have to manually select each error and mark it as "2nd class" to hide it (no multi-select option) - there is no apparent way to tell K9 to actually remove it. Another issue - minor, but irritating - is if you click on an email with the intention of opening it, instead of opening it you instead get a list of emails from the same person. OK, so you can then click on the email AGAIN in this new list to actually ropen it but what an un-necessary step. Not a disaster, just annoying. BUt those two bizarre issues aside seems a good package.. 
com.fsck.k9#53177:	   I love this App, but Hotmail does not love it! This is what I said before. "I just started using this. Feels and looks great. Hope I can keep using it w/o any bugs!" 
com.fsck.k9#53180:	   Great app but the push functionality isn't working. I have to manually refresh the inbox for messages. I have not changed any settings from the default install. Does it push mail from Hotmail? I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 LTE. Would be 5 star otherwise. 
com.fsck.k9#53182:	   Lately it become slower and gives 'fail to send email' errors. Also it gets stuck frequently on email check...annoying. 
com.fsck.k9#53184:	   Doesn't install on android L..please fix..I really love this app..unknown error during installation :"-112" 
com.fsck.k9#53188:	   Last few versions have drained battery badly. The last update claiming to have fixed this did not. I had to uninstall, drained my phone flat in 6 hours. 
com.fsck.k9#53189:	  Can't find a way to make multiple accounts 
com.fsck.k9#53193:	   This is one great email client for android! Still needs Could password lockscreen. Am also missing some common soft buttons such us 'send', instead of just menu items. Last but not least, pls pls pls fix ms exchange 2010 full support. 
com.fsck.k9#53195:	   This is a good email app, but today it stopped working. Anyone working on the problem? 
com.fsck.k9#53202:	   Every time I try to download an attachment it says "connection error" yet everything else works just fine on every other app in the sane network and location 
com.fsck.k9#53204:	   Functionality of the app is excellent, however a subpar user interface, difficulty in finding the right settings, and inconsistent/confusing terminology used to describe the same functions in different places are a bit problem for me. Also, please change its icon to something more professional. 
com.fsck.k9#53206:	   You have throughout these years perfected email for Android however the ONLY thing missing therefore more missing 1 star is you NEED to Add PRIORITY for emails unless I can't find it then I will make this 5 stars oh and for some reason only my hotmail account (with all settings setup correctly on both sides) will not delete from server I will try to delete and readd the account to fix but for now I have had to download the outlook app which works but I would prefer not to have Thank You and please Fix 
com.fsck.k9#53214:	   Waste of time. Downlaoded this app, then spent an hour trying to save attachments to sdcard. Downloaded OI File Browser; selected path where i want to store atrachment (sdcard). K-9 shows that it stored it where you wanted, but browsing for the file, it keeps storing it on the phone and not the sdcard. So great, I try to open the pdf file that it saved and it errors out saying the file is not valid. So.... free or not; if it doesn't work it's still crap. UNINSTALLED 
com.fsck.k9#53219:	   Updated 8/29/14: App has not synced my emails for the past 24 hrs. Problems with my emails synced from GoDaddy. The alerts appear but emails read no text and at other times, the emails appear only 1 second after the alerts arrives.. then immediately disappears from the in box until a few days later. 
com.fsck.k9#53224:	   Push feature not working by default. Pained myself by trying different setting but all in vain. Very flexible and lightweight app but still useless. I could be wrong but having push should have been easier. 
com.fsck.k9#53227:	   Find I don't get emails pushed quickly from it and if I delete an email on my phone it's still on my tablet. And I did the server deletion options 
com.fsck.k9#53228:	   I was having issues with the default mail program on my Galaxy S5. I was told by a technician at Verizon about this program so I tried it. Works great with a lot more features. I highly recommend trying it out. 
com.fsck.k9#53231:	   The developer's email address is invalid. Google does not recognize it. The app keeps crashing. I also have 6 email accounts set up through K-9, but the app only sends me notifications for one of them. They all have the same settings. 
com.fsck.k9#53234:	   Keeps crashing ever since I installed it. Horible. I'm sorry I ever gave it a chance 
com.fsck.k9#53237:	   After years of use I am uninstalling due to the constant sync sticking issues and battery drain as of late.. 
com.fsck.k9#53241:	   Does the job. K9 is miles ahead of the Samsung/android mail client. I have 7 email accounts I monitor using this app & I have no problem keeping everything separate & locatable using colour tags & different notification tones. 1 thing it's missing is the ability to NOT stop headphone audio every time an email is received. (But this maybe a Samsung issue) 
com.fsck.k9#53245:	   Not had the best experience and I'm uninstalling as I type this. Found it had a lot of connection errors when viewing an email. Also the app doesn't always display email correctly. Hey it may be my fault best personally I'm moving on to try another app. 
com.fsck.k9#53250:	   This was once the only email app I would ever use. But it has really gone downhill since. There are so many bugs it isn't even funny! Deleting emails and they just come back. Displays duplicates, even though the server is correct. Marking emails as read and they just come back as unread a few minutes later. Not to mention, this app doesn't even support S/MIME certificates for signing and encrypting emails. Oh, but they give you the option to use another app for this, but that app doesn't even support one of the most popular certificate types (S/MIME). If these devs get their acts together and bring this app back up to par, then I would be happy to try it again and rerate for more stars. But as it stands today, this app is not even worth 1 star. 
com.fsck.k9#53260:	   Why did i get 2 inbox and notifications? I am using nexus 5 with exchange mail, please fix it. Thanks 
com.fsck.k9#53263:	   I have one issue. I set the option in certain account to leave unread. The problem is that even emails that are read already get marked as unread. 
com.fsck.k9#53272:	   I honestly liked it till I found out it won't support Exchange 2010 ... now it's of no use to me 
com.fsck.k9#53273:	   Never had the problem before but now, old emails (those read already) keep popping up as new unread mails especially after you deleted some recent emails... Not serious but irritating... getting seriously irritating!! 
com.fsck.k9#53283:	   Even though I enter my password correctly it doesn't accept it, says that mail or password is wrong. I checked opening the same account through a browser but didn't find any problem there! 
com.fsck.k9#53284:	   Great app with intuitive customisable features. Only problem is that after certain polls, it keeps displaying random messages as unread. 
com.fsck.k9#53289:	   A great alternative! Made the switch because the stock e-mail client couldn't sync anything except inbox due to folder structure. But I'm hugely missing support for IMAP keywords! In order to tag from the phone and get the tags synchronised to Thunderbird and (Roundcube) webmail. 
com.fsck.k9#53293:	   Works great. Doesn't drain batery. One small problem. Button "mark read" in notification area doesn't work. And when you mark read in app,it doesn't clear it from notifications. 
com.fsck.k9#53300:	  Dealbreaker bug: Emails duplicating notifications, cant stop the loop. I have to uninstall (Sg S5) 
com.fsck.k9#53304:	   Whenever I try to sync my gmail accounts (each with 5k+ emails) the app crashes every few minutes 
com.fsck.k9#53314:	   Normally, I love this app much. But I don't know since when, I can't send email through this app. Always fail. It's different if I use browser. 
com.fsck.k9#53322:	   It's basically impossible to select a text. If I move the cursor of my selection down, the mail scrolls down, if I move it up, the mail scrolls up ! First time that I witness such a bugged selection tool on Android. And I saw some nasty ones. I keep it for a few weeks hoping for a fix. Or I'll move on to sthg else. Samsung S3 Mini. Android 4.1.2. 
com.fsck.k9#53324:	   Not getting emails in spam folder. Spam emails is not retriving. 
com.fsck.k9#53327:	  email is always a hassle to configure, and I found it confusing trying to setup which folders to display, but ultimately this is my preferred app. its fast, very customisable, can bypass android sync option, doesn't drain battery, has a backup option which does not save your email password. 
com.fsck.k9#53335:	   The icon is what really bugs me. Red envelope seems like 'spam'. I wish it was at least green in colour. Whole new icon would be much better. Besides the icon, everything is very good. I use it everyday. Being open-source is another reason I use (support) this app. Thank you devs. 
com.fsck.k9#53343:	  When I tap "down load complete mail" for partially downloaded mail, it displays some other mail. I have found this bug now only. Earlier such bug wasn't seen. It was perfectly working. I have rated 3 stars for this particular inconsistency in the app. 
com.fsck.k9#53344:	   I have installed the app and amazingly for first one week everything works fine with the ms exchange server. Alas suddenly the inbox stops showing up the messages since the folder displays with 'ioexception error with cod'. I thought probably the whole app become incompatible with the ews, but found sent items is working fine. All the emails that are sent to the corp addr and personal one are correctly delivered. Any clue suggestion from k9 development group ? 
com.fsck.k9#53346:	   I've been using this program for years. Recently my phone gives me a notification that I have new email. I go to my inbox and see the new email and then it disappears. I'm set up using Imap and the email client is GoDaddy. Godaddy blames the phone or K9. The on board email program don't do this. I log into Web mail for Godaddy and the disappearing email is still in my inbox. There is a syncing problem. Searching the Internet I find this is a problem. 
com.fsck.k9#53349:	   I need the feature moving this program to the sd card. My email is huge. Otherwise this program is perfect. I need security and it workd flawlessly using SSL/TLS and IMAP. I never miss an email, the program never crashes. And I get emails fast. 
com.fsck.k9#53351:	   I'm extremely satisfied with this. I am in an industry that requires a responsive functional email client. This actually receives, and sends gmail messages faster than the android gmail app by google! And even PGP and viewing message headers?? This is great! The only complaint I have is that I'm unable to search messages and that are on an IMAP server. The search function hangs. Please fix this. I'm still rating this 5 stars. ***** I fully support open source software on Android. 
com.fsck.k9#53354:	   The main bug which entitles you to score 1 star to this server is that it doesn't remember the addressee you previously filled in. Every time you need to send email to an address, every time you need to write the address fully again and again - it doesn't save it never! Very uncomfortable 
com.fsck.k9#53355:	   After a morning of searching and infuriating failures of other apps, I came to K9. I tried Google, Outlook, and all the others. I even tried some payware. None of them came anywhere close to matching the functionality and ease-of use/setup as K9. Where Microsoft and Google have failed, a group of independent developers have succeeded. Thank you guys for having brains and the ability to use them. Now if we can just get the icon changed... Honestly it was the silly, superficial reason I didn't come here first. 
com.fsck.k9#53357:	   Not bad but not excellent. Gmail ok. But Hotmail not get mail 
com.fsck.k9#53365:	    for Android. Handles most email types with ease. Although some exchange accounts will not work 
com.fsck.k9#53367:	   Use to love the product but the sync of folders and search for emails is getting bad. Sometimes making me feel stupid infront of the customer cause I know I sent them an email and I can't find it on the phone even if I force load more emails. Come to my computer at the office and there is the email in the sent folder. Sync is getting bad. But for basic email the product is still good. 
com.fsck.k9#53372:	   Used to be great, but... Since the devs stopped listening to users it has become useless if you use ssl self signed certs on SUPPORTED operating systems. Devs say it is insecure. Thats MY problem, not theirs. Now have to find something that WORKS instead of this now useless piece of junk. 
com.fsck.k9#53374:	   Cannot get ride of the all inbox and unified messages inbox. Fix this,I used to be able to get rid of these from the view. 
com.fsck.k9#53381:	   Much better than the stock app but on my phone when I view the Unified inbox and try to delete some messages received, it stops working. Update: latest version fixed my issue. Excellent!! 
com.fsck.k9#53385:	   Doesn't sync, doesn't load mails on my Samsung S4. Deleting. 
com.fsck.k9#53386:	   K9 is causing excessive battery drain and lag on my note 2. Uninstalling if there isn't a fix soon. I charge my phone three times a day since the kitkat update and my battery app says k9 is the culprit 
com.fsck.k9#53390:	   I was enjoying K9 until I realized that push won't retrieve your messages for IMAP setup. Major chink in the armor of this app. Can't use until fixed . I recommend not using this app until this is addressed. 
com.fsck.k9#53395:	   Auto account setup doesn't even work with Hotmail. It lets me try to sync my improperly set up account and then crashes. 
com.fsck.k9#53402:	   Like deleting several mails at once without opening or clicking on a link inside a twitter app notification email does not work on a Samsung galaxy s4. 
com.fsck.k9#53411:	   Push is so unreliable that it's more reliable to turn on polling, and not all folders in my Gmail account are accessible in this client (and for no good reason, I might add. I have "show all folders" enabled). If this works for you, then enjoy using what the best email client available for Android. Chances are though, you will have the experience I am having. I'll try again in a few months and see if the bugs are fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#53414:	   It won't sync my mail for me...I have to do it manually. That is fine for those accounts that I don't need to check on a regular basis. Tried searching for help on how to fix that and found nothing. Guess I will be looking for a different email app. 
com.fsck.k9#53421:	   This is a great replacement for the Yahoo Mail app. The most recent update has provided an option to place the signature before the quoted response or after the quoted response. That was my only complaint in earlier versions, thank you so much for fixing it! 
com.fsck.k9#53423:	   The UI in this application is quite well done. Unfortunately many features are missing or available in a broken way. In particular PGP/MIME support is missing (inline only support with a plug in), and exchange support is way behind the times (supports 2007 or older). From the looks of the bug trackers, neither will be forthcoming anytime soon, which is sad because it's actually a rather nice program otherwise. For now the email app that's built in to the Note 3 covers these & more. 
com.fsck.k9#53435:	   Mostly pretty satisfied. I can have all my e-mail accounts in one place and check them once in a while, answer them, organise them, save drafts, upload images and so on. However I don't get notifications upon receiving new e-mails nor do the appear in the inbox unless I manually click or motion for a refresh. I initially didn't care as I wanted to avoid using mobile data but I am now getting more data and don't care when I am on WiFi. So I activated background sync when auto-sync is checked ( which it is). 
com.fsck.k9#53437:	  New email notification - not working! 
com.fsck.k9#53439:	   This was a perfect app for over 2 years. The latest update no longer syncs with my IMAP. Please fix and it will be perfect again. If not I will have to uninstall and find something else 
com.fsck.k9#53448:	   Doesn't reflect the app truly. It's way less versatile. Aquamail is better when it comes to all these small annoying k9 problems. I deleted it and use the android app and aqua mail 
com.fsck.k9#53453:	  Multiple drafts bug 
com.fsck.k9#53456:	   Once you have 1000+ emails things get slows, and worse, the app crashes a lot. If you are a light user of email this will work OK for you. 
com.fsck.k9#53467:	   K9 mail intermittently crashes when replying after latest update 
com.fsck.k9#53470:	   Connection error when trying to read 1 of my important emails. Yet it worked on gmail site. All he new mail i get is blank. No text. Edit. Used nearly all my mobile data. Hunk of junk app. Used 1.3gig of data prob syncing or some bs. Update still cant download some attachments connection error. 
com.fsck.k9#53474:	   Since the last update even when I read an email, 2 minutes later it says the email is unread. Only gave it one star to attract attention to this issue. This is a 5 star app otherwise and has been perfect in the past. I easily imported all my settings from my previous phone. Good feature 
com.fsck.k9#53477:	   This app no longer opens on my samsung galaxy note since the last update. It just has a black screen for a few seconds and then closes back to my home screen. Please fix this or i have to uninstall...Update! Reinstalling fixed the problem, works perfect now. 
com.fsck.k9#53478:	   I was unable to set up more than one account. I searched but could not find a way to add another account. 
com.fsck.k9#53493:	   SO happy to have the move message bug fixed! (I could read and Mark message but any attempt to move it except for deletion meant the all crashed. NO MORE! And I'm working with a rather large email account via IMAP. I hated losing access to an exchange server and using Touchdown, but this app is a great replacement tool!) 
com.fsck.k9#53495:	   I can't get push mail from my yahoomail. I must refresh manually. 
com.fsck.k9#53525:	  Far better than stock client, with some quirks. Problems on Droid Maxx they won't fix. Really need a paid version so bugs/enhancements are fixed faster. 
com.fsck.k9#53531:	   For me, better than the bundled email app. Installed this to my colleague's S4 too because her default email app is not working the way it should be after updating to 4.4.2. 
com.fsck.k9#53532:	   The app stops working and crashes when use pop...but when using imap it works fine withouy any crashes...please fix this issue...as this app is the only perfect email app in the market... 
com.fsck.k9#53543:	   You take too long ro respond to email about issue with emails show up as arrived but I've already open and read the emails... 
com.fsck.k9#53546:	   Mail doesn't delete from server and doesn't load most emails 
com.fsck.k9#53547:	   Exchange mail does not work (IOexception error). Other apps work. 
com.fsck.k9#53551:	   I've used K-9 for over a year and it's always been awesome. Very customizable, and I love the quiet time setting which allows you to silence it during certain hours of the day. Since the most recent update, however, there have been many problems. The app no longer notifies me when I have new mail on my Gmail account; I have to open up the app and look. Even worse, it's draining my battery like crazy. Please fix or I'll have to uninstall! 
com.fsck.k9#53553:	   I was looking for an email server to replace the default one on android phone. The default wouldn't allow my emails to stay deleted. When I looked up how to fix it all the advice kept saying to get this server. I had it for 2 days and deleted it. First I couldn't delete a lot of emails at one time. It was either all and I then I had to uncheck the emails I wanted to keep or delete one at a time. I like how the default email categorizes it by date. Also the kept telling me there was a connection error. 
com.fsck.k9#53561:	   Was horrified today to find that this app has a major power problem. On average it sucks up in excess of 3 times more than the screen does. 63% battery usage taken by an Email program. No wonder I'm always in trouble for battery life. Have to remove this app now 
com.fsck.k9#53563:	   Loses accounts occasionally and cannot login or send. Must fully reinstall to fix 
com.fsck.k9#53566:	   It is OK....better than the stock android email client but it isn't working on 4.4.3 ...notification not working 
com.fsck.k9#53587:	  Not work 
com.fsck.k9#53608:	   this app solved my email problem. my midclass android has bad email default app. plus : -. conversation mode -. unified inbox multiple account -. unread box multiple account minus : -. i still have difficulties on setting exchange corporate email account great app, keep improving. 
com.fsck.k9#53616:	  I can't move email from trash to inbox. 
com.fsck.k9#53628:	   One of the best email clients I've tried. I've tried quite a few. This one behaves the closest to the way I like. Almost perfect. It has plenty of features and ways to customize it. EDIT: I had a problem in Sent list displaying all items with the Sender field, but somehow I managed to make it display the Recipient. I have two suggestions. At least in the folders list put the name or email of the active account (whose folders we're looking at). The side color only is not enough. Also a way to rearrange the folders, now they are sorted by name but I'd wish Inbox at the top, then Sent, All Mail etc. A sliding folders list from the left edge like in other email clients would be very neat. Update2: no password protection of passwords and program?! Really.. I'm to uninstall it, too bad, otherwise it's the best email app around. SAD. 
com.fsck.k9#53629:	  Exchange don't work :-( 
com.fsck.k9#53634:	   Dowloaded app okay but then tried to remove spam but did not find settimgs and web offered no help because outdated and lack of simple of simple steps. 
com.fsck.k9#53635:	   Turned on to this by Lifehacker. Works great for my usage. One issue: open email in portrait mode, touch download message button, rotate phone to landscape, must force close app. MB865 Gingerbread 
com.fsck.k9#53638:	   It crashes when I upload my resume. 
com.fsck.k9#53639:	   Was having problems before but the new upgrades all is really great! Highly recommend!! I hope the application programmers read this...your doing a great job...keep it up!! Thank you! 
com.fsck.k9#53640:	   Good interface and features but really buggy. Sometimes won't pull up mail content and crashes if I try to refile a message into a Google Mail folder. 
com.fsck.k9#53643:	  Great app for email. But need a way to see email page source. Cannot find out whether emails are faked. Please provide update to show email page source. Thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#53652:	  Much better than standard android email app, does not get as confused, A1 
com.fsck.k9#53654:	   Latest version is suddenly failing to send and receive reliably. Also crashing trying to open large emails. 
com.fsck.k9#53659:	   Well, after testing a dozen(at the very least) of the most popular mail apps, it seems this alongside the default mail app is the best. Not because it's "great" (it's not) but because of lack of true competition... 
com.fsck.k9#53660:	   Doesn't work with Gmail IMAP or POP!! 
com.fsck.k9#53662:	   Was a great email app that helped me avoid signing over my phone to my employer just for the sake of sending and receiving email. But once multi-factor authentication (password + security questions) was recently setup for OWA, this app now fails to connect. 
com.fsck.k9#53667:	   The app has often problems to synchronise. The best solution in this case is to kill and restart the app. 
com.fsck.k9#53676:	   Installed and about to use and nothing. I've been through everything to enable sync and can't find any button to press. Am I doing something blatantly wrong? 
com.fsck.k9#53679:	   Fantastic functionally and customization options. However there are a few very noticeable drawbacks like automatic email sizing not working properly and email search is very unreliable with results. 
com.fsck.k9#53683:	  Very slow to react to user input and crashes frequently. 
com.fsck.k9#53689:	   Nexus 7 with KitKat would not display photos in emails. Read about K9 in Android forum. Many said that it would solve the problem. It works! Give it a try. 
com.fsck.k9#53692:	   I love the open source nature of this mail app. It's like Mozilla Thunderbird for Android. Everything seems to be in order, except for auto sync. It's not working at all, not for any one of the mail accounts, and even more for Hotmail. I need to manually poll for new mails in my mail accounts. I believe this defeats the very purpose of this app. 
com.fsck.k9#53696:	   Keeps freezing and closing whenever I back out of a email . Runs slowly. Please fix 
com.fsck.k9#53703:	   love this email client and been using it for a couple of years now, but after the last update, I need to kill the app and restart it everytime I need to check for new emails. Would REALLY appreciate a fix (using a Samsung Galaxy S4 and IMAP on SmarterMail latest version) 
com.fsck.k9#53707:	   It has stopped working, won't sync anymore. 
com.fsck.k9#53710:	   It ok. But it will eat your battery doesnt stop running in the back round. Counted 29% if my battery useage 
com.fsck.k9#53722:	   Was fantastic before update, but now won't save attachments. I've turned on the Log bit, but am unable to send you the data. I have Samsung S4 4.2.2 so Logcat App won't work and tried computer method and it was just double Dutch to me! Please help. I use it a lot for business and need to save documents constantly! 
com.fsck.k9#53731:	   Everytime I forwarded emails with attachment(s), the attachment(s) were always missing. Please fix it! 
com.fsck.k9#53733:	   It was great but lately something is wrong. This morning it failed to send any messages. I uninstalled and tried reinstalling and it doesn't work. I can no longer send or receive emails!! 
com.fsck.k9#53735:	   I get an ioexception error, which I think is due to K-9 not supporting Exchange 2007/2010 yet. Don't like stock Samsung mail but I guess I'm stuck with it because I can't find another mail app I like. 
com.fsck.k9#53736:	   Haven't been able to send email for past two days. Receive error message: negative SMTP reply 535 5.7.8 error. I love this program. Only one I use for my emails. Hope you can fix this issue. 
com.fsck.k9#53740:	   IOException every time. Please fix. 
com.fsck.k9#53744:	   Everything is working great with this application. I have 2 Gmail accounts and an iCloud account all attached and they work awesome. Just can't get the attachments to save to the SD. Keeps giving me an error when I try to do it. I want to free up some space on my S5. If they fix this, then they will have a top notch application here. 
com.fsck.k9#53747:	   Installed this to get around the lack of security support on the default Android mail client. Installed perfectly on a Nexus 7 and HTC Desire phone, setup easily and worked perfectly. Would not use the default clients again. To the user who criticises this for not having the 'check boxes' - turn them back on through the Multi Select Checkboxes in the Settings>Global Settings>Display Options 
com.fsck.k9#53749:	  Great on my phone, but does not sync to my Smart watch. No matter how many emails I receive, the Smart watch only displays 'List empty'. Any advice/comments? 
com.fsck.k9#53760:	   It is impossible to star a message without triggering the scroll bar. Even after the scroll bar hides, if you try to star a message, it will re-activate. Please fix! 
com.fsck.k9#53765:	   With 4.3 JellyBean, when an email is in the notification bar the app crashes using the fast open via notification tab. 
com.fsck.k9#53766:	   This dog is loyal, it feteches my email without problems, and I can customize it to my liking. What more can I ask? 
com.fsck.k9#53771:	   I couldn't move my e-mail from my inbox to a different folder with out crashing and often wouldn't show pictures. Delete. HTC one M7 
com.fsck.k9#53773:	   the screen display (folders, not individual messages) shows multiple message headers as if they were overlaid on each other, displaced by a few pixels, on my Droid DNA - while the native mail client does not display the problem. since there is really no developer to complain to, my only real option is to uninstall it and go elsewhere. sigh. 
com.fsck.k9#53778:	   ...get the same IO error and it doe not recognize my Exchange Server FQDN so can't connect. Need ActiveSync support. This app would easily be a 5 with that. 
com.fsck.k9#53779:	   I used to be able to select multiple emails, now suddenly today I can't figure out how to do that! I get a lot of spam, so I'd this isn't fixed quickly I'm going to have to find another program. I also wouldn't mind a more mature looking interface (not so boldly colorful). 
com.fsck.k9#53780:	   April 8, 2014 K-9 lost all my emails and will not "load 1000 more messages" when I tell it to even though the server has all the email still there. My battery also showed K-9 using more than my screen - crazy. I've rebooted, cleared the cache, and it still won't load emails before April 8. Today is April 15 & I have 12 emails. A week ago I had a whole lot more. What happened? 
com.fsck.k9#53782:	   I just switched from a flip phone and iPod touch to the Moto. When I setup my exchange account, the app told me that my server REQUIRES me to allow it full access and control over MY phone. Bye bye. K-9 was setup in about a minute and a half, didn't need to allow access to any of MY personal information, and the interface looks to be well thought out and user friendly. I especially like the "split screen in landscape view". Granted, I haven't looked around that much, but this app works perfectly for me, so I'm done looking, on to better things. I don't even care that Gmail isn't supported. Great job, guys! Update 4/15/14: Gmail is supported but I ran into some problems when I decided to change settings on my Exchange account. Basically, every change I made caused some function to fail. Display, sync, notification problems got worse and worse until finally the app was beginning to make me feel stupid, so I uninstalled and moved on to a paid app. Regular IMAP/POP email is OK, but needs more work in order to use Exchange accounts. 
com.fsck.k9#53785:	   Loads fast. Got this email client because you can choose to keep emails on ur device even if they are deleted from your server. But it don't seem to have a peak/non-peak sync schedule (or at least I can't find it). 
com.fsck.k9#53787:	   I loved this app for my email but I think I'm gonna have to uninstall it because it keeps crashing on my nexus 10. Should I wait for an update? 
com.fsck.k9#53796:	   When your email does not work with your phone replaces it.Sometimes you need to uninstall if it stops updating but works great usually 
com.fsck.k9#53807:	   I. Hate. Gmail with a passion! That's why I came looking for something else to help me with the mess Google calls email. When you have more SPAM than mail you need a new account. If I could I would but everybody I know has known what my acct is for years! Only problem is when effin Google changed things. Now K9 has done mail the same way! WHY?!?! If it aint broke, dont fix it! You make more problems by doing such. The only way I can delete a msg is by opening each one and deleting. That's not happening! 
com.fsck.k9#53814:	   Pretty comparable to the stock email (not Gmail) app, with one important addition: you can back up & restore and/or export & import your settings, so no need to redo all your account settings every time you change ROMs. It does a few things better than the stock app, and a few less well. It appears that most of the people making negative reviews have just failed to wade through the very extensive settings menus. Most of the features people are asking for, such as threaded conversations and checkboxes for multiple selections, can be enabled there. Messages can be moved to folders by long pressing them, at least on IMAP. I don't use POP3, so not sure if it is possible with those accounts. True, it does not allow changing fonts, but neither does the stock email app. Whether it overrides font settings that you make within the settings for your email account, I don't know. I would hope not, but I have not tested it. 
com.fsck.k9#53818:	   Can't move emails to different folders 
com.fsck.k9#53825:	   Maybe its because I am a graphic designer but this design literally gets worse the more you use this app. I mean it needs a sleeker icon. I ignore bad icons but geeez. This is hideous. Lots of apps have different icons to pick for each apk. It needs something simple and contemperary The gray buttons are not cohesive with the white selection interface and the text is offset. It bugs me a little. 
com.fsck.k9#53827:	   Exchange mail does not work (IOexception error). While I installed the other mail app cloudmagic, it works instantly. 
com.fsck.k9#53829:	   Many options to set (which is good and bad). Unfortunately selecting threaded conversations doesn't work as expected. And attachments can't be forwarded without downloading them. 
com.fsck.k9#53830:	   Can't even input 1 email address without problems. Complicated 
com.fsck.k9#53833:	   Great app for consolidating all my inboxes, I've used a few and this is he best I have found. However when I get notified of a new mail message in the pull-down menu, there are 2 options: 'Reply' or 'Mark As Read'. If these buttons were made smaller there would be room for a 'Delete' button which considering sll the smap going around these days would be more useful. 5 stars if this is fixed! Agreed- new update isn't great and no need for pictures of the sendees. 
com.fsck.k9#53839:	   Great for years. Now can't read email, all folders have Command: *sensitive* error message. Lots of problems lately w gmail, so betting it is a K-9 / Google problem. Need to stay away from app until fixed. Not being able to read email on the go from any gmail accounts is a real problem. 
com.fsck.k9#53840:	   Had no issues integrating our IMAP servers into the client. Other software we attempted failed, and was only for a trail basis. 
com.fsck.k9#53846:	   Over the last month it's crashed more and more. This week, it crashes when I try to move an email to another folder. Also, after I send an email and go to the next message the new message doesn't show. Just the header does. This looks like an old issue that's resurfaced. Really making it unusable. I love the app. Just wondering if deleting and reinstalling will fix it. All the other apps I've tried this week are lacking the awesomeness of this one. 
com.fsck.k9#53849:	  Please fix bug keeps notifying me in the notification bar "failed to send some messages" .. Over and over and over everyday it won't stop... How can I get it to stop notifying me failed to send some messages? Besides deleting the app completely from my phone... 
com.fsck.k9#53862:	   Sony tablet S, yea it's old. :) But this app has been very stable. The only issue I have had was due to my ISP playing silly games with the email system. Had to rebuild the account but that was easy. 
com.fsck.k9#53866:	   I've been using this app consistently for some time now, and now that work on supporting PGP/MIME is underway with APG, all that will be left is integration with APG's PGP/MIME support. Truly an awesome app combination. I am leaving the rating at 4 stars because of the PGP/MIME issue. Once it is resolved, I feel it will become a 5-star app. 
com.fsck.k9#53870:	   I wanted an email app that i can receive emails quickly and efficiently organized, aqua mail was ok but k9 mail took it home for me, it was the interface just what i needed, almost removed it after kitkat upgrade but thankfully i waited for the fix an it's now working fine again, thanks guys. 
com.fsck.k9#53871:	   Can't swipe mail to trash or anywhere even with gestures enabled. Also has some sync issues, mail gets stuck at times and good luck if you are trying to refile or archive it. Overall good app tho i have it linked to four email accounts and it hits em all smooth. 
com.fsck.k9#53882:	   Kept on giving IO error. 
com.fsck.k9#53886:	   Can't find an option to set up for POP3. Therefore, can't use. 
com.fsck.k9#53888:	   This app's background sync will burn through your data plan in days if you have many messages on your server. It's such a known issue that a widget has been written to try to stop it. 
com.fsck.k9#53892:	   Have been using K9 for years but I hate the new update. Now it works just like Google mobile Mail which I don't use. Why would I need all these colored boxes with the first initial of the sender? How the heck is that helpful? It's very confusing and unnecessary. Looking for another client asap. 
com.fsck.k9#53893:	   Been using the app for ages on previous android device and it's great. Have just switched to a Note 3 and wish this had the split screen capability of the native app. Not really a bug so haven't submitted it to the tracker, really more of a feature request :) Thanks for the great app guys! 
com.fsck.k9#53899:	   First, let me say that K9 is a good email program. Nice features and works well. However, I started having issues with the notifications. I would send a message with an attachment and it would keep showing "Sending message" icon, even though the message was sent. I submitted a Bug Report and they told me to revert to the previous release, as the one I had was a Beta release (for development). My frustration is, why did it update to a Beta release? I am not a tester, nor did I specifically look for a Beta release. I have it set to update automatically. Shouldn't Beta releases be kept from these auto-updates? 
com.fsck.k9#53913:	   Doesn't work with exchange 
com.fsck.k9#53916:	   Could no find a way to create my own folders 
com.fsck.k9#53917:	   It cuts off the top of my emails. You have to zoom in to be able to see. Has been this way a long time. Too bad because it used to be a good app. Uninstalling now since an update us not yet available to fix this. 
com.fsck.k9#53919:	   Since new update I am no longer having problem sending emails. Thank you very much to the developers. 
com.fsck.k9#53920:	   There can be an option to stop syncing mails when it's running. In poor signal areas when it has trouble syncing, stopping it can actually conserve power. How this can be implemented thanks. 
com.fsck.k9#53922:	   Superb. Server search feature is a bit buggy however. Sometimes, searches will fail without a descriptive error. 
com.fsck.k9#53927:	    This is the only app that I am aware of that is fully compatible with sending/receiving emails that have been secured with a digital certificate. The issue is that it does not sync your calendar or tasks which means you'll have to install a separate program for that. 
com.fsck.k9#53929:	   After about a month of perfect operation k9 started crashing every time it tried to sync with the mail server. It appears to be a known issue but I couldn't see a resolution available. This stops it scoring 5 stars 
com.fsck.k9#53930:	   This crashes every 20 seconds, locking my phone. The polling is haphazard at best and I frequently get mail posting to the wrong folder. Filters seem to be non existent. Other than that it's not too bad 
com.fsck.k9#53936:	   Why are xls files "unsupported". If I can't open attachments in the app it's garbage to me 
com.fsck.k9#53937:	   - Love the app. Just one problem though, at times mail doesn't get sent and gets stuck in the outbox folder. 
com.fsck.k9#53939:	   I do like this app, I was annoyed by a difficult when choose multiple emails due to there is no quick check boxes when clicking some emails. Please fix it, so it can be a great simple n powerful email client. 
com.fsck.k9#53941:	   K-9 Mail is almost perfect but has problem with attachment winamil.dat. I don't buy excuse that it is MS Outlook's problem because other apps are fine with it. 
com.fsck.k9#53947:	   the subject and sender columns some how swapped themselves in my inboxes. I wrote to the devs twice as I couldn't work. how to fix it and no reply. switched to aqua mail instead 
com.fsck.k9#53948:	   Can you please add the ability to select what address to send mail from If I have multiple accounts forwarded to one account (my college mail forwarded to my Hotmail account, because I can't get push mail to work on my Android for my college email account ) 
com.fsck.k9#53961:	   Had all the features I want but it keeps failing 
com.fsck.k9#53967:	   Even after update K9 does not work. Content of email is missing. 
com.fsck.k9#53973:	   Very nice email client, love how clicking on a thread opens it and shows all the messages in it like a sub-folder. However, it sometimes fails to sync and gets stuck on some process that uses up all the CPU on the phone. This obviously drains the battery and heats the phone to uncomfortable temperatures. I will try it again in a few releases to see if that works. I have a Galaxy Note II 
com.fsck.k9#53975:	   The most brilliant and powerful Android email client ever made has just been rendered near useless by the Kitkat update. The only way to be able to read emails without endless back and forth scrolling is in landscape mode, and even that doesn't work for some formats. Can this be repaired? How on earth are you expected to scroll back and forth constantly to read emails????? Disastrous. This was a five star app hands down prior to the update. Developers PLEASE get this handled! Moto X Dev. Edition 
com.fsck.k9#53979:	   The only one that let's me use pop on gmail and NOT sync phone and server. I use phone and server differently. Some emails like appointments I leave on my phone. Some things I delete on my phone but want on the server. 
com.fsck.k9#53987:	   After reading an email, the email disappears. Please fix!!! Also, I really miss being able to delete messages with the check boxes. It was Alot easier!!!! 
com.fsck.k9#53993:	   This used to be my favourite mail app. The recent colour explosion has made it visually unappealing for me, and worse yet, there is no way to opt out of the rainbow. I have also started having issue with this app getting hung up when checking my gmail accounts, having negative impact on my battery's life. Disappointing. 
com.fsck.k9#54001:	   Ever since the last update, fit-to-page doesn't work, and despite several emails no response from the developer :-( 
com.fsck.k9#54012:	   I have found this to be more configurable than any of the others I have tried (including MailDroid). However, I use a Bluetooth keyboard, and because K-9 relies on the soft keyboard to display spell corrections, I am unable to see spell-check corrections o y real keyboard. (Same problem with MailDroid). 
com.fsck.k9#54015:	   Sometimes refresh doesn't work 
com.fsck.k9#54022:	   I love this app. Worked from day one. A few occasional bugs, but almost none. Excellent for IMAP accounts! 
com.fsck.k9#54034:	   This is a great email client that should be used by everyone. Only issue I have with it right now is that when zooming and scrolling in Android 4.4 Kitkat things seem to he skipping everywhere. Hope this gets fixed soon. :) 
com.fsck.k9#54035:	   Only inline PGP supported. This issue is 3 years old according to your Git page. 2 stars and not 1 because inline is a nice start :) Rest of the app seems to be non-tablet, a pitty. 
com.fsck.k9#54041:	   A bit of a learning curve because of SO many settings....which is also a plus in customization! So far I am very impressed. Yahoo app definitely got the boot from me. Oh and so far my live/outlook acct is working well too :-) update 2/17/14 sometimes it doesn't show everything in the folders....sync problem I suppose? Still better than the yahoo app. 
com.fsck.k9#54066:	   k9 has been my favourive email app for years now as it provides just what i need: a highly configurable und compact imap email app without any bloated crap functionality. i've had so me issues after upgrading to 4.x initially but got everything smoothed out so far... 
com.fsck.k9#54071:	  Please fix the issue with multiple checkboxes being so small when in horizontal format HTC Evo. Also would be nice to add attachment right from app. 
com.fsck.k9#54085:	   Lacks "Help" option somewhere, no help files. Can not delete email accounts easily, i had to remove the whole app. Not fully compatible with Nexus 5. Issues with support blogs and threads. Would be nice to make it sync right off the bat without any messages showing that it's not synced. Cannot import contacts from outlook? 
com.fsck.k9#54088:	   While I liked K-9 for all the features that it has and it's new interface, ultimately my IT department made me and a coworker stop using it because my account always had a ton of IMAP connections left open and it would connect with new ones. Similar things happen with other emails like gmail. If I open up logcat, there's always a ton of K-9 messages there about too many simultaneous connections and other random exceptions and null errors. There are several open bug reports about these issues, so maybe in time this will get fixed. 
com.fsck.k9#54093:	   Used to be the best email app ever for android but at end of Jan 2014 they came out with an update now my email doesn't sync, its delayed and keeps spooling. Reverse the update please! 
com.fsck.k9#54096:	   Can't find my opened emails. Trying mailwise. 
com.fsck.k9#54103:	   Great developer, they fix issue pretty darn quickly. Unfortunately, they haven't really kept up with modern app design so it feels like you're on GB again. Great app, works well, just feels out dated. 
com.fsck.k9#54105:	   Tried to configure this for Gmail, followed setup instructions to the letter (multiple times), couldn't get it to work. Clearly not for me. 
com.fsck.k9#54107:	   Decent app but search doesn't work. (No results returned ever, and yes, my search criteria should yield results.) Have to admit though, the only reason I installed this is coz last time I checked gmail's app doesn't allow you to download attachments that are zip files. 
com.fsck.k9#54123:	   This is a very good app, especially since the recent upgrade.The only problem I have is that I cannot make the 'select text' function work on my galaxy 10.1 tab 
com.fsck.k9#54128:	   Too many options, got lost. I just want to read the email. Can't remove the default signature. 
com.fsck.k9#54139:	   Back to 5 Stars again. Thanks for fixing the problems. Managed to fix my Force Close issues by backing up settings in the old version, then clearing all data and uninstalling. Re-booted phone to be sure. I then installed the latest version and imported my account and global settings from the backup. Working fine so far. The new layout is very easy on the eyes and intuitive to use. 
com.fsck.k9#54155:	   My only complaint is that the options available in the landsacape mode do NOT include "reply." I use slide out keyboard so to reply I need to turn the phone upright, press reply then turn back to wide view to compose response. Totally annoying that wider view offers less options. Please fix in next update. Most recent update offers giant check boxes but did not fix ability to read and reply in landscape! 
com.fsck.k9#54164:	   Best email app out. But often gets errors when sending an email and connected via wifi. 
com.fsck.k9#54165:	   Last upgrade is seriously botched. Since the 27th kmail has caused about 1GB (!) In data traffic as opposed to the usual MB. Wait for them to fix before installing 
com.fsck.k9#54176:	   Hands down the best Android email client! I wouldn't use any other especially for you FastMail users!! 
com.fsck.k9#54181:	   I have used this app for years and updated it last night. The Gmail categories (which were not selected on my gmail) were added to K9, which sucks! So, lucky for me, I use Titanium Backup and just restored the previous apk and data. I'm sure K9 will put out another update soon with the fixes for the things we don't like. Other than that, love the app. :o) For now, 3 stars. 
com.fsck.k9#54184:	   I use the select feature a lot, because I have 4 accounts set up on K-9 and get spam. Now I have to click AND HOLD on each email I want to select. You gave up the quick click for an ICON to make it look pretty? btw, it does not work, the icon does not have anything to do with the email!!!!! It is a senseless meaningless ugly extra glob on my screen! It appears to be the first letter on the senders name. How does that help anyone? Also, whats up with the triangle in the lower rh corner? What does that do? GIMME BACK MY QUICK CLICK FEATURE. I thought that was one of the most thoughful features that differentiates you from the pack! 
com.fsck.k9#54196:	   Loved the app until I realized that I can send but not receive mail. If you have verizon, don't bother. It simply will not work. 
com.fsck.k9#54210:	   This latest version is a disaster! It now spends ages trying to fetch mail and exits with a socket timeout error. This is particularly bad on all 3 Gmail accounts I have. How can I download the previous version which worked perfectly. Android 4.2.1 on ZTE V967S 
com.fsck.k9#54213:	   I was not happy with the stock email app. I was constantly having to close and reopen the app so it would refresh my inbox. K9 mail refreshes without any issues. Also it is very customizable. 2 of my favorite items, instead of having black text on a white screen, they have a dark mode which is a dark screen background with white text. Saves on battery life. Also you can put different folders in to categories and view only those categories you choose. This app ROCKS!!! 
com.fsck.k9#54214:	   Since latest update the display does not resize images and email for small screen size. Also since the latest update intra-email links don't work. These were the primary reasons I kept this app installed. 
com.fsck.k9#54230:	   Does not work well with any of my accounts. 
com.fsck.k9#54235:	   The only issue I have is not being able to dump my trash bin 
com.fsck.k9#54236:	   Was working fine until the last update; now I'm having a problem retrieving my mail. In order to do so I have to disconnect and reconnect, and screen goes blank and disconnects connection. Looking for another App to replace this one ASAP. 
com.fsck.k9#54238:	   I enjoy every new redesign of this app. However this time an "add account" button was placed on the home screen. Totally unnecessary since one doesn't open new accounts every day. Please unclutter the home screen or add the option to remove that icon. Thank you. 
com.fsck.k9#54272:	   Used you for 2 years and it did a great job, unfortunately for k9, cloud magic has set new ground & standards ! Switching over to cloud magic . Sorry k9, your icon was ugly and yahoo sync problems too. But you guys are good too. 
com.fsck.k9#54277:	   I switched to k9 because Of the inline graphics problem in KitKat (Nexus 4). I wish I'd tried it long ago. I won't look any further. Beautiful. 
com.fsck.k9#54281:	   I've been using this app for a few years and liked it. However, the latest release changes my custom settings? It has these color coded boxes containing the first letter of each sender. If I remove the setting, the sender and subject are crushed to one line and unreadable in the message list. Please fix. This app is not usable in this manner. 
com.fsck.k9#54306:	   Will Not let me add an Email and it keeps on crashing 
com.fsck.k9#54307:	   Solved a tons of my problems regarding my office Web mail. I'm loving it. 
com.fsck.k9#54310:	   All K9's great features are outweighed by 3 major defects: 1. It's become so slow as to be virtually unworkable. Mass-deleting spam, for example, now takes 5 minutes when it used to take 30 seconds. 2. It's now hugely unstable. Frequent crashes are the norm, and filling in the reports is pointless as there's no-one to reply. 3. Because it's open source, there's no customer support to ask for help. And if I had the time to trawl forums for info, then I wouldn't have the problem in the first place! 
com.fsck.k9#54311:	   need a big size widget. besides,it's poll frequency doesn't work. even if i increase the time of poll frequency it notifies me immediately when there is a mail in the inbox 
com.fsck.k9#54313:	   Used to be great too many bugs now 
com.fsck.k9#54317:	   Brand new update on the apk release page. Works like a charm now and fixed issues. Rekindled my love for this app. 
com.fsck.k9#54325:	   never fails 
com.fsck.k9#54328:	   NONE of my bad comments get published. So I give five stars so that at least this comment will be seen by Canadian customers. THIS SOFTWARE IS USELESS AND DOES NOT WORK WITH SHAW CABLE IN BC OR AB, CANADA. DEVELOPER DID NOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS BUT JUST REPLIED TO MY EMAIL. 
com.fsck.k9#54339:	   UI could be better and needs a preview widget. I used K9 for a good while but eventually switched over to SolMail because of the two things mentioned above. Never uninstalled K9 because I hope future improvements can allow me to switch back (and be done with SolMail, which has functionality issues). I'll keep my eyes open for an update, guys. Being able to swipe away unwanted emails would be a good start. 
com.fsck.k9#54340:	   Worked consistently well until, one time only, it said, "Sorry, temporarily stopped working" after I tried to send one of the most important emails of my life to my fiance. All lost. A lesson learned? Yes. However, I will be returning to my native email app. As I say, good until it failed. 
com.fsck.k9#54342:	   When it works, it's great. Whenever I mark several messages and try to delete them, it crashes. Apart from this little glitch it is my favorite email app. 
com.fsck.k9#54346:	   I have a pop3 account it does not notify me I have new email I have to manually refresh to get new email, like the app but bug needs to be fixed.m 
com.fsck.k9#54347:	   Ive recently and randomly started having a lot of issues connecting and downloading my emails when I am on data and when the emails do download I don't see a body of text. The constant server check ia draining my battery on the nexus 5. I hope its fixed soon. 
com.fsck.k9#54352:	   I have tried.. but I am unable to forward any mail with attachment, without downloading and re-attaching.. Any fix.. to save time and data.. 
com.fsck.k9#54361:	   I need to sync manually to get the email notification. push notification not working. Im using kitkat 4.4.2 
com.fsck.k9#54371:	   It's such a good app, it has a lot of features, that stock app couldn't provide. But it's laggy and has a lot of bugs such as folder list in gmail acc, problems with msgs deleting, default send acc settings. Also, it has scary icon, and may be it'll be good to add some themes. 
com.fsck.k9#54372:	   Two issues which are show stoppers for me. 1) Email addresses are only autofilled from the adress book. The standard email program, on the otherhand, would also keep a list of people I previously sent/recieved from. I don't want to add everyone of them to my contacts. 2) Adding attachments not so get. It 'completes' the action with MyFiles which does actually allow you to attach. Should have its own file picker. 
com.fsck.k9#54381:	   Frequent updates and quick bug fixes. Tons of features. Stable and dependable. 
com.fsck.k9#54383:	   I just changed devices and added K9 to my new device, since I loved it, and now there is no menu option to add a second account. Tapping or double tapping the icon at top left does nothing. Uninstalling til this is fixed. Using a Galaxy S III running Android 4.3 
com.fsck.k9#54386:	   I'm having a problem finding an option to display a confirmation dialog when sending a message. Is there one? And I can't find how to display check boxes for selecting messages to delete. Is there an option for this too? 
com.fsck.k9#54392:	   It stopped sending me emails. Tried to reinstall but now won't let me connect. 3 emails to Dev ignored. Unless you jump through hoops and download software to bug report they won't help you. VERY disappointed. Great app poorly supported! 
com.fsck.k9#54393:	   No problems so far, so much better than stock email app for nexus 7 that has crap resolution and the odd bug plus a stupid amount of battery usage than this app, a highly recommended email app 
com.fsck.k9#54395:	   After trying various mail apps that either crashed or would not register my email accounts, I came across the highly rated K-9 mail app. It is easily customizable with an intuitive interface and reading and replying to messages (which I do on a daily basis) is a breeze. That is, until it started acting buggy with my Gmail account and I was unable to send or receive mail. On to other apps... 
com.fsck.k9#54397:	   using this app many years, never had problem before. now, in the past couple days i had battery drained overnight completely. as soon as sync for k9 disable , no drain anymore. i saw many of us who use k9 got same problem, dev please fix. nexus 5 with 4.4.2 installed. 
com.fsck.k9#54398:	   Seems to have stopped working with Yahoo mail. Dunno if their problem or yours? 
com.fsck.k9#54405:	   Thank you K9! After the Kitkat "upgrade" couldn't display pic attachments on regularly used email app on Nexus 7. K9 allows me to display them again. KitKat upgrade also caused messages to be deleted on the server after deleting them on Nexus. K9 fixed that problem too..Also didn't have a "select all" feature and had to tap each email to select and delete. K9 took care of that too! Easy to use and set up! Thank you for a great product. 
com.fsck.k9#54410:	   Refreshing the folders is still an issue but the app functions great! 
com.fsck.k9#54419:	   I am a big open source fan so really appreciate the continued development of K-9. It's a bit overcomplicated with loads of options as often happens with FOSS and the aesthetics could be better (especially the icon which sorry to say makes my eyes bleed). These issues aside however this is a really solid email client, I take my hat off to the devs and hope to see K-9 evolve. 
com.fsck.k9#54422:	   It solved my problem accessing our Exchange 2003 email 
com.fsck.k9#54425:	   Not able configure my office mail via exchange. Wonder what's the issue. 
com.fsck.k9#54444:	   Aol mail had stopped working. 
