com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40003:	  Overall, this was one of the better crossword apps available. However, it's extremely frustrating to get the SAME LA Times puzzle over and over! It's supposed to be a NEW puzzle each day, not the same one 3 or 4 days in a row! What gives? Downrating due to this issue, which has arisen over the past month or so. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40004:	  When I tap on a box on the left side of the puzzle. It zooms out. Then I fit it to screen, and it does it again. Please fix!! Still a awesome crossword app!! Except for that issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40014:	  Typos get pink squares. Very frustrating. Get it right again please. I still use the app because it is the best of what are generally poor options. Please stop messing with it. Update: One can escape the pink boxes just by disabling "show errors". This makes things harder but also more satisfying. Many reviewers complain of a number of bugs but so far I have been buy free except for always getting the same Times puzzle. Enjoying it more now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40015:	  Would give it a 5 star, except for the fact, it won't download the next days puzzles. Please fix! I have a Droid Turbo. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40017:	  Ive had this installed and been using it for years across many different devices without issue. Light weight and easy to use. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40025:	   Crashed every few words I entered, without even saving the entry 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40027:	   Love this app. Been using it forever and really enjoy it. Only hiccup is that it won't download the Premier Weekly Crossword even though it is selected in my list. Been like this for a long time so may need to look for alternatives that'll work with the Premier Crossword. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40032:	   I like most things about the app, but the keyboard keeps breaking making the app completely unusable until it randomly fixes itself and it often fails to download puzzles. Update: keyboard is even worse now. And crossword list is also randomly in huge font. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40033:	   I switched back to Android because you can't get this app for iPhones 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40037:	   The last update screwed with the zoom and now it won't. The now small view makes it very hard to play. Fix it and it will be worth a much higher rating - UPDATE it is fixed Thanks 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40039:	   Thanks for a great crossword puzzle, like the variety and quick response to fix problems. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40043:	   I love the latest update with night mode and thank you so much for fixing the color problem for older versions of android. My one small issue echoes what I've seen others say as far as the zooming not being very smooth or working great. It can take a few attempts to get everything to be the right size. I still love this app and use it the most. Content and simplicity are 5 stars period... Samsung GS 4 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40052:	   I used to love it but the last update screwed up the zoom. The puzzles are too small. If it isn't fixed, I will be deleting this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40053:	   Almost unusable on a tablet. Zoom does not work it stays at small size,until it is fixed I will have a hard time enjoying it 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40055:	   Still 5 stars because I know you will fix it very soon, I'm a big fan I have a ZenPad 8 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40060:	   , but cannot find the option to change from red text. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40064:	   There's always some minor issue for me, like a certain puzzle will load every week and then just stop... but i still get plenty of free puzzles! I love this app and use it almost daily. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40076:	  After the update the "delete" key in the board stops if the letter is correct and I have to use the directional arrows. So if I accidentally type in several wrong letters because for some reason I am "off" on the board and need to delete I cannot just use the delete key to remove ALL the letters. I know maybe that's a silly thing, but it won't allow me to move out of the box of a correct letter. So if I am using the keyboard without the directional arrows, which is an option, I have to tap on the screen which doesn't always end up in the box I need to be in, making this a sometimes frustrating problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40079:	   Great for puzzles. However, since the latest update it crashes every time the phone screen rotates. Please fix this. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40081:	   The app will force close and I will lose all progress in a puzzle whenever my phone tilts. Please fix it because this app was awesome before the problem started. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40082:	   The last 2 days I see a download arrow but nothing downloads. I miss my puzzles! EDIT- puzzles took forever but finally arrived. Edit 2- Back to puzzles not downloading. SMH 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40089:	   I love the app, but it crashes a lot, and erases all progress on the puzzle. I've started editing and re-entering the puzzle every few minutes to save my progress. I really wish this bug would get fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40091:	   your puzzles are not downloading for 2 days (12/23-12/24) even when I try to download manually. please fix. as of 12/25/16 the puzzles are now downloading again. thank you 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40092:	   I love this app. Been using it for a long time. It just has a lot of bugs still. Yesterday and today, it will not download new puzzles, even if you do it manually. Fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40094:	   Used to be my fav app, now if you switch from portrait to landscape view it crashes and you lose last 5 mins of progress. Such a bummer. Please god fix it. For android 7+. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40097:	   My only complaint is this strange little bug that prevents you from typing in the first word highlighted. I have to tap the next, then go back to the original. Weird! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40099:	   Shortyz Crosswords is malfunctioning now that my LG G5 has upgraded to Android 7.0. Anytime I'm doing a crossword and if I have to back out and do something else it's not saving where I left off it's restarting the puzzle over every time. ALSO it's force closing 2 or 3 times every time I open the app into any puzzle and then it again doesn't save my progress. Just a heads up. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40103:	  I used to love this app; however it hasn't been updated in six months and the latest versions of Android make it almost unplayable. It hangs regularly and crashes often. Every time it crashes it loses all your progress on a puzzle. It's almost unplayable for current iterations of Android. tl;dr great app in desperate need of an update to make it playable again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40104:	   You need to fix the on saved instants to correct the behavior of your rotation cycle. I have a Nexus and I used to love this app but I hate that it now crashes every time that I rotate my phone. I could probably deal with the crashes if it saved all of my work. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40105:	  Crashes on opening puzzle when landscape. Portrait OK. Nexus 6P. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40108:	   This Crossword App has an amazing user interface and of course, an unlimited amount of crosswords from the best sources available!! There are some issues with landscape orientation and untimely crashes though. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40109:	  Current version (as of this review) is unusable on my phone. For some reason, when switching to Clues mode, it zooms the entry boxes until they're huge and I can only see 4 on screen at a time. I can zoom out, but as soon as I move to a new clue it zooms back in like this. None of the zoom settings affect the zoom of the clues mode. Meanwhile, I can't work in puzzle view because my screen is too small. This all seems to work fine if you have a tablet, and it used to be my favorite game on my phone (when I could see 8-10 letters on the clue screen), but it's just unusable on a small screen now. FWIW, I really appreciate the author's work. Like I said, I used to love this program. I think it just hasn't been getting tested on smaller screen phones lately... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40112:	   Can't get the next days puzzle. HELP 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40113:	   Love the app, so nice to be able to get nyt crosswords on android. As the difficulty for nyt (and other crosswords) depends on the day of the week, it would be great if the date picker used a calendar or indicated day of week. Keep up the good work! Edit: they have a day of the week text, but it's off by a day. Edit: they fixed! However the app crashes randomly on 7.0 and loses my progress. A simple solution is to automatically save. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40118:	  Love that you can choose which puzzles will download automatically, but after 4 to 5 hours of accumulated playing it stops showing mistakes no matter what settings you select. Always have to uninstall & reinstall to fix, but does it again & again. A pain. Otherwise would have been perfect. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40120:	   I liked that I can download the NYTimes puzzles going back years. However, after the Android 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy Tab S, the tablet started to freeze and crash. Two factory data resets, and one-by-one app downloads, i disovered thay this app stays on in the background and uses a third of my available RAM. Uninstalled. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40122:	   The best crossword app until an update - now taps on boxes often don't register, even with swipe mode turned off. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40125:	   Used this app on multiple older (pre 2015) samsung and lg devices with little to no probelms. Over that time, the app has grown and developed into something really elegant. However, after upgrading recently to the lg stylo 2 plus, I have been finding that the hit boxes for the answers are hard to find especially near the sides of the puzzle. Both with the stylus pen and my fingers, it is difficult to find the right place to trigger the answer boxes. I have no similar issues with any other apps. Plz fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40126:	   I have to click on the puzzle board maybe 10 times before it registers anything. Very frustrating when you're watching your time!!! . This is a long standing bug (years). :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40127:	   It was actually great and easy to use until the app kept crashing every 2 minutes and losing my progress in puzzles. Gonna look for another app for now. Update: found out that it's switching orientation while in a puzzle that does it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40128:	   Great way to get my puzzle fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40129:	   An absolutely fantastic app for doing crosswords, but unfortunately buggy in some areas. Notably, the app crashes on landscape rotation and the current puzzle's progress is lost. Also can't change from Down to Across by clicking on first clue (I prefer the crossword to start Across rather than Down) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40131:	  New update doesn't work. Black screen. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40133:	   I really enjoy using the app and all the crosswords it supplied, but now, every time I use it, it crashes within 5 minutes and more annoying, when I open the app again, sometimes, the progress I made on a puzzle isn't saved and I have to start all over again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40134:	   Looks terrible. Can't get past the ugliness 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40135:	  Crashes constantly 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40142:	   This is the best crossword app by far and deserves 5 stars. I have played it for years, however, since the last update it will not load on my kyocera hydro. Please fix it asap as this is the only app I play n I'm having withdrawals!! I will return it to a 5 star rating as soon as I can actually play it again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40143:	   App keeps stopping, and erasing all of my words. Please fix this ASAP, or I'll be uninstalling. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40146:	  It works fine on my tablet, but I can't get the boxes to pink highlight the incorrect letters on my phone. Very annoying, since I don't always have my tablet with me. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40149:	   Since the Nougat upgrade, the app sometimes crashes without saving the progress on a puzzle. Other times, it doesn't save even when the app doesn't crash. When I exit and return, the puzzle will be blank 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40152:	  Stopped working...awesome before that 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40153:	   On these tiny keyboards the mistakes one makes typing should not be shown as hint errors. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40155:	  A one-eyed king in the land of the blind is what this app is. Offers limited sources of puzzles (not its fault), most of which are boring. LA Times and USA Today are the only two worthwhile puzzles that update daily. On-screen keyboard should be of a different color than white. Zooming misbehaves every now and then. BIGGEST FAIL: DOES NOT indicate if answer to a clue is constituted of more than one word. Among paid puzzles/app, NYT (not on Android) remains the leader with the best-crafted puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40158:	  I love this app. Q: for the mobile phone (I have android) would you consider following the phone's settings for keyboard sounds and the haptic feedback please. Regards, Allen UPDATE - got a new phone - Galaxy S7 and put your app on it. I put in my NYT credentials but it does not download the NYT Crossword now. I do not get an error message like I do if I put in the wrong credentials and I can download other puzzles that do not need authentication. :-( Hope you can help. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40160:	   Used to be my go-to cwp app, now it is far too buggy to enjoy, at least on the note 5. The pinch zoom out and in doesn't work at all except to frustrate. Have to tap squares multiple times to register that I'd done so, while others will switch to and change orientation in one tap. I can't do this anymore. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40161:	  Cursor does not move to next clue at the end of line. Movement style options have no impact. Extremely frustrating as I have to click basically every clue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40165:	  This is my second time installing this game. (If I remember correctly, they had an issue several years ago getting crosswords from major newspapers) Anyway, I like how basic the app is. It doesn't have ads, which makes it so much easier to play than other free games. I don't know why it is, but every crossword it downloads from People Magazine is the exact same. This has been going on for a couple weeks, at least. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40166:	   The app would be great if the settings worked, but they rarely do. It's especially problematic that the navigation rules/preferences don't work. The timer won't display. Closing & restarting the app after changing settings doesn't help. Using Samsung Galaxy S4, Android version 5.0.1. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40170:	   Greatly enjoy the easy access to many public puzzles! The only things I don't like are minor glitches...the annoying accidental zooms, the occasional puzzle that has something other than a single letter in some boxes and doesn't recognize when it's complete, and inability to turn off error counting. I'm not competing against anyone, so why do I need for all the mistypes from my phone's tiny keys to be thrown back at me? Take a bit of the fun out. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40171:	   Update:. The problems with the app only seem to get worse. The crosswords available are decent, but when the odd one which requires one to use numerals or symbols comes along, one can't finish the puzzle. Also, when my failure with my touchscreen counts as an error, working the puzzles is less fun. Finally, when puzzles fail to download correctly, trying to open them makes the app crash. Oddly, some of these bugs were not present in previous iterations of the app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40173:	   Use to be my favorite app and now it's useless!! 99% of the time it won't even open, or it opens and there's just a blank white screen until it crashes and is "not responding" 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40174:	   was there an update? When the keyboard is up I can't see the clues, and vice versa. - turns out "native" keyboard setting doesn't work now, but the other settings do. Otherwise, I like this app a lot, only other thing is that new york times crossword special characters don't display properly, but those are only in occasional puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40175:	   I love it and have been using it for about 3 years on my various phones and tablets - But it has a 'bug' on my Amazon Fire (5th Gen, 7") where the 'hint' boxes (which also tell me I've entered an incorrect letter) do not show up... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40180:	   Fantastic app. Has a few bugs that may be more related to the phone and the touchscreen. Otherwise I'm shocked that this app is free! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40186:	   I used to love this app but something changed and the clue boxes are way too zoomed in to play. The clue size option does nothing. Please please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40187:	   This app used to be good. Unfortunately, lately the app has been having issues freezing, inserting random letters, it marks typos as errors, and doesn't always save progress. Either need to be fixed, or I need to find an alternative crossword app... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40197:	   Love this app, but today it keeps crashing. Cannot open any puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40198:	   Been playing with this app for a long time; never had any issues and always has great puzzles. Thanks so much for all of your hard work!! It's really appreciated  . 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40199:	   Was a better app but latest updates caused me to be less excited. As many have said, a simple fat finger or typing error before a word is finished shouldn't be counted against me. If I correct the mistyped letter before moving on, that should not add to error count. Some puzzles have answer boxes shortened. Clearly a mistake in conversion. The author has clearly stopped paying close attention to the app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40203:	   Great app, love that I get all these puzzles for free. It could use a few small improvements. 1)My biggest complain is that puzzles fit to screen when I unintentionally move my phone the wrong way. Sometimes I have to exit the app to get it back to a readable size. 2) It would be nice to have differentiation between the hint button and the show errors button. 3) It would be useful to have a visual indication that show errors is on or off. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40204:	  Nice interface, a lot of settings, really a great app. The achievement mechanism has some problems though, I finished more than 10 puzzles but the "Complete Ten Puzzles" is still at 0%. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40206:	   Love the selection of puzzles! The main bug I have is no matter how many times I turn off the "show errors", it keeps highlighting incorrect answers in red. I prefer figuring out mistakes the hard way, just like I was using pen and paper! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40213:	  I've just downloaded this, but can't get the reveal and show errors options; how can I get them to show as highlighted, as I've completed my first puzzle but can't actually finish it?! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40216:	   I haven't been able to enjoy this app lately. It fills in letters i never typed and jumps all over the puzzle sporadically without me touching it. It has become a real bother. My phone doesn't have this problem in other apps so I've concluded the problem is this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40220:	   I've used this app for years now. Never had any serious issues with it. One of the best free apps out there. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40222:	   I've been using Shortyz for a long time and love it, but for the last few days, the New York Times crossword won't download. I checked my NYT account, and it's current. This is a great app, but some puzzles that are listed, like the Onion, never download. Until now, the New York Times was fine, but now it's gone too. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40223:	   The clue boxes are HUGE and I can't get them to go back to any kind of normal size I don't even want to play because it's so frustrating to not be able to see the whole word Ughh 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40227:	   No matter how many puzzles I complete I do not get any achievements from Google play games. Have tried to clear gmail under settings, also disconnecting my account and signing back in again. No luck. Anyone else having that issue? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40228:	   Puzzles do not fit to screen properly on my Galaxy S6. Bottom row or bottom two rows never show on fit to screen mode. I always have to pick zoom out. Also, wrong letters no longer show as red unless that word/clue is selected. If not on the clue with the error it just shows an opaque pink box. Please fix these two things. Have had this game for years and love it. Would also love to see it on the app store for my iPad. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40229:	   This is a great program that has liked many hours of waiting time in offices, dr appts, but it didn't deserve the title because times crossword is always stuck on one and same crossword every week. This needs to be fixed to deserve Dr. Will Shortz name on it. Yes it says Shortzy but that's an obvious implication to the NYT crosswords! The hardest and most fun of them all. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40231:	  I've been using Shortyz for year, and this app is great for doing the NYT Crossword. However, it still doesn't handle rebus puzzles, which is only an occasional issue, but it makes it tough to do them when they show up. Also, I would love to see it keep cumulative stats (best time for each day, etc.) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40235:	   Latest update does not highlight errors. No pink boxes. Can't tell which are wrong unless painfully obvious. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40236:	   I have to tap the boxes several times to get it to highlight. Sometimes it doesn't automatically go the the next clue. Very annoying. This is my favorite crossword app but I can't stand these problems. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40241:	   Highly recommended. Latest Update - fixed all my minor annoyances - close to a perfect 10. Old Update - now has boatloads of puzzles. Anyone who tried it a year ago and was disappointed by the limited number of puzzles should try it again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40245:	   For the past 4 months, some of the puzzles download the exact same puzzle as prior times. The New York Times Classic is the biggest offender. I have not had a new puzzle in months. Always the same one. Also the puzzle clues ad anvancing (as you finish one clue, autojumping to the next) can't wrap around the puzzle. It only goes left to right till the end of the row (or up and down one column) requiring u to click the next row or column. Would be an easy fix to an annoying issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40246:	   Well designed, with only a few small bugs. Crossword sources can be easy or challenging. Overall, the best app I have seen for crosswords. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40251:	   I would rate this app a 5 if they would fix the bugs on downloading the People Magazine puzzle. Currently when you attempt to download it shows a red circle with a question mark in it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40252:	   Back to functional after updates. Seems to have some issues with large crosswords on Android 6. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40254:	   It's irritating that typos that I correct as I go are counted as errors. It spoils my enjoyment of the puzzle. How about at least letting users disable the stats screen at the end if all we really want to do is play a crossword without caring about time, "hint boxes" (an inaccurate count anyway, IMO), or other such statistical nonsense? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40255:	  Horrible!! Can't click anywhere. So many issues with this game. Don't waste your time! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40259:	   Not sure what happened, but app won't open anymore, just crashes during initialization on my LG G4. Love the app for many years now cannot play. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40261:	   zoom is very fickle, on screen rotations it loses zoom and the resume option is too zoomed in. sometimes freezes when zooming. previous versions were fine. don't fix what isn't broken. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40264:	   I am deleting the app that was once my favorite. Maybe the designer has had personal issues that have caused him to abandon his software and since he never charged for his product, he owes us nothing. I wish he had rolled back two versions before he did, but, again...his project. I just no longer want it reminding me of what it was. EDIT: There are really good reasons to be aggravated with the software, but dropping stars because you were offended by a puzzle provided by a 3rd party is just plain stupid. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40267:	   I just want to say that you did a great job on this app. I use it every night to lull myself to sleep. Problem is though, it's too bright! I had to find a screen dimmer app and it's still not a good solution. The app only overlays a black image over the screen set to whatever opacity you prefer. But that makes it difficult to see mistakes. I'd love it if you could invert the colors and change the white text and blocks to grey. Thanks for reading this! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40274:	   Not sure what happened. Since last update, the box size reverts to tiny every time you touch the keyboard. Otherwise, this is the most excellent app. Please fix!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40276:	   Loved this app until the last update. Now all my puzzles say 99% complete when they are 100% complete also don't like the new error red boxes from simply mistyping. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40277:	   I've been using this app for years. By far the best crossword app on the market. Only reason for missing a star is that it had recently gotten very slow and freezes / crashes after the latest update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40279:	   The puzzle view works great, but the clue view is janky. The app sometimes crashes when changing letters, the clue boxes are way too large and cumbersome to resize. The old interface was much easier to use. Edit: letters occasionally display as being correct until tapping on them again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40280:	   I love playing these games, but is there a reason I always get the same People magazine puzzle that never gives reveals or errors and is very old? I've even correctly solved it, and it still comes back with every refresh of games. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40282:	   It's good that it draws several crosswords but I feel that there are problems that would be pretty easy to fix. Specifically, the one I get angriest about is that you can't put numbers in the puzzle, even if you change the keyboard. In the past couple weeks, there have been three puzzles I couldn't finish because of that, and it seems like it should be an easy problem to fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40285:	   Half the puzzles won't download. Emailed to notify of problem and got no response... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40286:	  I really like the app and all the crossword options. My one compliant is when an answer includes a number, the app won't let you enter it. When you hit "reveal,", it shows the numbers without issue, but it won't let you type them yourself. Annoying! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40291:	   I used to love this app. This update ruined it. clue box is way too big. Won't save if you adjust the size. Half the time you can't click a box to add a letter. Incorrect letters go between showing red (used to be wrong) or pink (used to show it's correct but previously had an error). When you delete or archive a People Magazine puzzle, when you log back, it re-downloads it...Every. Single. Time. I don't want that puzzle anymore but I can't get rid of it. Fix and I'll give your stars back. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40292:	   As many others have mentioned, this has been a great game. However, it's been a huge mess since the previous major update. The crashing in clues view was fixed, but now the clue boxes are huge, which makes usage less than ideal. It sometimes doesn't save completed puzzles. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40297:	  This is a great little app, but two problems. 1) it's way, way too easy to accidentally delete puzzles - even puzzles you've solved! If I pick up my phone wrong and accidentally drag across the screen, I'm liable to lose them with no way of getting them back. 2) the error checker isn't really clear what is wrong - I wish it highlighted all letters that are currently wrong separately from which ones were wrong previously. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40306:	   OK, the crashing issue in clues mode is fixed...BUT...the tradeoff is that the boxes in clues mode are HUGE! More importantly, it started crashing when I selected a puzzle...but it's only if I select the Wall Street Journal puzzle. The rest work OK. Keyboard still sucks. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40310:	   Maybe not working right on my device? It's got a terrible interface. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40313:	   The last update overhauled the hint system, which was totally fine before, and ruined it. Sometimes I mistype letters and now those errors count against me in the error percentage, even if I correct them before I move onto e next block. Before this update I'd have rated this app a solid five stars. Now it gets three. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40316:	   I can't get my hints/pink boxes to show up anymore, on ANY puzzle. I've looked in settings, but there's only the option to turn it off (which yes, it's unchecked)... No option to turn it ON. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40317:	  Fix the clue boxes!! They are too big i haven't played since this happened and i miss my favorite app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40318:	   Great app, easy to use, perfect for my xword fix. If I run out of puzzles I just load a random date from years ago... Good archive. The new design is pretty OK. Every great once in a while the app glitches and the only solution is to reinstall, which is what I'm doing right now because a lag developed and won't go away. Another glitch that happens is the puzzle zooms out to the max and won't stay fit to the screen until reinstall. Again, they're pretty rare. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40321:	   I'm giving 4 stars but would be giving 5 if this latest revision didn't do something weird on the "Clues" view. The Clues bar is super zoomed in and I have to scroll right and left to see how long the word is. Nothing I do fixes it. I'm on Android S6. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40323:	   I used to rate this a 5 but seeing how badly the latest update affected the app I had to drop it to a 3. Not Happy but hopefully a fix will come soon ! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40324:	   Please fix the text box sizing when in clue view. It's zooming in and you can't see all the letters as soon as it's bigger than 4 characters long. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40327:	   The answer boxes are too large in Clue mode on my phone. It requires manual scrolling to see all of the boxes. It's better on a tablet, but still obviously a little too big. Also, the "Back" arrow in Clue mode doesn't work. One thing I'd like is the option for the space bar to move to the next clue, because the "Small" keyboard doesn't have an Enter key to do this. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40329:	   Undesirable changes / bugs introduced with last update. Can't turn off swipe action. Large puzzles do not fit to screen. Pink boxes work in an annoying way. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40331:	   MAJOR bug in last update.  is zoomed as far as it can go and will not change, and puzzle size resets to a tiny size every time I close the app. Also takes forever to load. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40333:	   Like the app, but with latest update I can't download the next day's puzzles anymore, even though I know most of them are available at 10pm ET. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40334:	   Has many sources of puzzles which is nice, but interface is kludgy and doesn't register touch input correctly some of the time. Also ny times subscription feature doesn't connect to my account and there is no notification of error or anything 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40335:	  This is a great app but the recent update has messed up the clue box sizes and the error highlighting activates on my fat finger typos now, instead of allowing corrections. Still the best in its class, though. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40336:	   Newest version had zoom issues on Sunday Puzzles on Dell Venue 8. Full puzzle won't display and needs to scroll vertically about 3 boxes. Otherwise, just needs to display the "crossed" clue automatically to be perfect. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40337:	   I just switched to a galaxy S6 and I'm seeing issues I wasn't seeing with my htc m9. Tapping a square almost never takes me to that word, and I have to tap several more times for a response. Looking at other reviews, this looks like a common problem on the s6. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40338:	   Since the update this program has really had problems. Any way to go back? I've started using "Crossword Lite" because of the problems with Shortyz. Need to update! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40341:	   Love this app, kudos to the author! However, I just upgraded from an S4 to an S6 and sensitivity is a huge problem in this app. You have to press the same square lots of times for the app to react and move to that clue. This is the only app I've seen that has this issue. Hope it gets fixed soon because this is one of my favorite passtimes, but it's just getting too aggravating to use. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40345:	   U morons screwed this app up big time. There r many issues such as some puzzles show as unfinished when they r and errors show as pink and count against u even when not red. This app used to work great. Why screw up a good thing. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40349:	   I switched from an HTC to a Samsung S6 and now my favorite app is so buggy I can't use it. Sometimes it will work fine, but inevitably it will stop registering my taps to change location. The app isn't frozen, because I can use arrows to move, but that's cumbersome and annoying. Please fix this, I can't use the app this way. (Also, any word on a nighttime keyboard? The native keyboard on this phone is huge, but the app keyboard is bright enough to burn retinas when used at night. ) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40352:	   Please fix white text on light grey background. Then 10 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40353:	   Before last update we were able correct mistakes without them showing as errors on the grid. Now, all mistakes are puzzle errors. I was well on my way to completing the "100 puzzles under 5 minutes with no errors" achievement, but since the last update, i haven't completed a single puzzle error free. I play this daily and will rate 5 stars again once this gets fixed. Because it's not fun to see red in a puzzle grid for a perfectionist. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40354:	  This app probably takes up 90% of my screen time on my phone. I'm addicted to crossword puzzles. Between the vast selection of puzzle libraries and the live-ish updating of ongoing publications, I'll never run out of games to play. Note, however, that I've been running Shortyz for years and although the app does get updated from time to time, the updates are sporadic at best. Bugs can go months before being addressed. The current bug plaguing the game is the Clues view zooms in ridiculously on the letter grid, making it difficult to use. But, like I said, the app does get updated and things do get fixed in time. This bug has been reported and I will wait until it's fixed. It's an annoyance regardless, so I'm docking it a full star for an otherwise stellar app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40358:	   Very nice app. Continues to improve. However latest update brought back bug in fit to screen movement. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40360:	  Clue boxes too big and the back arrow doesn't take you back to the puzzle. As a long time user it's sad to see the app take a step in the wrong direction. I'm sure the developer will address these issues though. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40363:	   I applaud this app, since despite its flaws, it's still the best crossword app available for free, but the recent update has caused some concerns. In terms of bugs, once in a while the downloads will hang, which usually sorts itself out later. Not a deal breaker. However, I do feel less inclined to play as often now that touchscreen typos are being marked as errors with no opportunity to correct them. I'll change to 5 stars if that is fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40367:	   OK, I really like this app. I'd pay for it, if the zoom issues ever got fixed (this update actually made them worse, now the zoom is even glitched viewing individual clues and words). I still enjoy the app, I'm just a bit frustrated by the inability to even manually zoom out while fit to screen is broken. Ah well. Hopefully later updates will help. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40369:	   I love the choice of puzzles and overall design of the app. I give it 3 stars because I often have tap a box 4-6+ times for the app to switch to that box. It happened on my old phone and is doing the same thing on my new phone. No other apps or phone functions have that problem, so it's not a phone issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40375:	   I've been using shortyz for at least 3 years now and it's always been great for the subway, elevators, basically anywhere I don't get a cell signal. one issue I do have is that there are some touchscreen issues when I am using shortyz. my screen frequently misses touches, even when I touch quite firmly and deliberately. I don't know what could be causing the issue, but this is the only app that it effects. thank you! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40376:	   Every time I mis-type I now get a pink box!?!!? This is horrible! I used to love this app, but with this new update its become ridiculous! Playing on a touch screen phone its impossible not to make a mistake when typing - this should not warrant a pink box unless I move on to another word without correcting the error. So stupid, please fix ASAP so I can go back to enjoying this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40378:	   Great crossword application, functionally the best I've found. Recent update has fixed most of the UI bugs. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40381:	   New update 10/13/15 === YES! Finally! I've been using this app for YEARS. It's my favorite app and I use it virtually every day. Several years ago the app stopped downloading the majority of the puzzles I loved, leaving me with just a few puzzles to solve. Now, with the new update, I have access to every puzzle again! As promised, I raised my rating back up to Five Stars. The variety of puzzles can't be beat. Hands down the best crossword puzzle app available on Google Play. PERFECT UI. Thank you! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40385:	   This app is driving me crazy. I used to live it before they "fixed the bugs" now it's working terribly. It worked perfectly before. Restore it please. When I finish a puzzle it doesn't even register the fact that it's complete. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40386:	   like a gazillion people already mentioned, your finger slips, types the wrong letter, BAM! pink error box appears. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40390:	  Used to be great. But now clue text boxes are huge, and there's no way to fix it. The app crashes all the time, too. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40395:	   App won't open 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40400:	   I truly appreciate the developer for creating this great free app. Latest update has caused issues displaying errors in pink boxes on my Galaxy S5. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40401:	   My only game on my phone too- a dedicated fan! However, since the latest update, the "show errors" toggle does not reveal the errors in red properly. When show errors is selected during play, the errors don't all reveal themselves until the word containing the error is itself selected. Would very much appreciate a fix for this! The last version worked flawlessly on my good old Samsung S2lte. Keep up the good work! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40404:	   The clue boxes are MASSIVE. I loved when it had dark theme available. I have horrible eyes, and the white gives me migraines. Fix please? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40411:	   And we're back!. This is the only game I have on my phone. So happy it's fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40412:	   I have problems downloading new puzzles since this last update. Some of the every day puzzles won't download into the list. Could this be because the puzzle downloader is wrong on its day of the week? It thinks Sept 27th is Monday, when it's actually Sunday. All days are off like this. . 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40413:	   Stopped giving me my NYT subscription crossword puzzle and no longer gives me the wall street journal on Friday. No one to ask about the issues either. Used to be awesome. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40414:	   No more crashing on my android. It is still the best crossword app I've found. Thank you! I don't like that the puzzles keep disappearing. I would be willing to pay to get some back. Brain food! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40415:	   Used to be great. Now daily downloads are iffy at best, while some puzzles fail to download at all. Sizing is completely erratic and reverts to a tiny puzzle if the phone is moved or left to time out. I am hoping another update is forthcoming to deal with some of the issues. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40416:	   Would be five stars but the WSJ Friday puzzle had stopped downloading 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40418:	   Doesn't work since last update. It used to be a great app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40419:	  Where did all the good puzzles go??? My wall street journal is gone and I'm not getting LAT!!!! I love this app for the quality of puzzles except I'm not getting them! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40420:	   Puzzles fail to download. Needs a dark/nighttime keyboard. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40421:	   I like it a lot, but after using for one day it has crashed and will not allow play. Uninstall-reinstall does not help. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, Android 4.4.2. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40422:	   New puzzles are not downloading anymore. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40423:	   Been using this app for a long time, but after latest update, having same problems as everyone else that has complained on here. Constant crashing without saving progress. Apparently, you don't care about the satisfaction of your customers or you would have fixed the problem by now. If I could have given 0 stars, I would have. Fix the problem or you will end up with no subscribers. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40424:	   Continually crashes... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40426:	   Used to love this app. It is the best crossword app I have had. I gave it 3 stars because I still can't seem to get Premier Crosswords (updates Sunday) to download. I checked the settings,but that isn't the problem. Please fix. LG G3 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40429:	   Brilliant app, which was unfortunately rendered unusable by the recent update due to constant crashes... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40430:	   Latest update crashes in clues mode almost instantaneously. And zoom in view of letters in clues mode seems broken also. This app has saved my sanity over many sleepless nights, so please fix. Also, disabling swipe to delete / archive no longer works, and a significant number of crosswords no longer download. This app is less fun every day 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40431:	   This was my absolute favorite app until the last update. The zoom function is all over the place and most of the settings don't work. The dates are all wrong in on the download screen (for example, today would say Friday the 17th, when it is actually the 18th) and most of the weekend, large-format puzzles (which I prefer) are not downloading. Hoping for a fix soon!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40438:	   I use this everyday; serious time waster. I have never had any issues, because bugs are usually fixed before they ever cause problems for me. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40439:	   New version looks great but I get occasional crashes when correcting a misspelled word and then all my progress is lost. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40443:	   Love this app; all is good with the latest update on my Nexus 4 phone with Lollipop. Only two problems... 1. Curser doesn't stay on the same square of the puzzle when rotating screen between horizontal and vertical. 2. Topic of puzzle is too light a shade of gray. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40445:	   With latest update when I open a crossword, the keyboard section displays but the area above it where the puzzle should be is all black. Like the app. Will change rating when fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40447:	  I have used this app for 4 years, now the new update makes it crash and I don't like the new layout. Guess it's time to look for a new crossword app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40449:	  Problems seem to be resolved! I loved and used this app for years, but it developed bugs that were not fixed. Almost gave up but in the last few days the new version seems to have resolved them. Would encourage you to give it a try! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40451:	  Have always loved shortyz until latest update. Please please please fix. Not able to use. Due to crashing. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40454:	   I love this app and have used for many years , but it is now totally unusable due to endless crashes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40455:	  With the last update, the app crashes so often that I can't make any progress. Before that though, I really enjoyed the app, use it every day to kill time. Usually works great. Looks good too. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40456:	   Love this app, but with the new update it's crashing all the time. Just tried playing a puzzle and it crashed three times in a row. Was entering answers in the clue view. Previously entered answers were not saved when it crashed. Super annoying! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40457:	   You've fixed the little things that were bugging me. Thanks for the excellent app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40458:	  The latest update (01 Sept 2015) no longer allows zooming out to fit the entire puzzle width on the screen of my smartphone device. Even the 'zoom to fit screen" function does not work to properly fit the puzzle to the screen. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40460:	   With this last update, it takes more than a minute to open -- even with auto downloads off -- then crashes & force closes when I try to scroll down list of puzzles or try to open one. Very frustrated & missing my puzzles! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40461:	   Fixed problem of settings not holding. Is now snapping to next word and error highlighting properly. Nicer graphics, too. Thanks. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40464:	   Still my favorite crossword app on any platform only problem is many sources no longer work. Please work on getting back la times calendar Sunday puzzle and Washington post puzzler pretty please! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40465:	   I used to love this app. Now with the latest release I get a consistent crash anytime I'm in the "clues" mode and try selecting a square on the puzzle at the top. Also the zoom behavior is different. It doesn't remember my last zoom settings requiring me to fix them every time I launch the app. Please fix for 5 stars again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40467:	   Love this app but with the new fix doesnt fit to screen any more. Booooooooo! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40471:	   LA Times puzzle for August 25 had a completely nonsensical answer for 1 across. The puzzle had FINI the answer when it should have been DADS. Programming error maybe? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40474:	   I like this app, and the features work for me. The only reason I need the swipe to delete function, is because two puzzles keep downloading again and again. Not every time, but I think on Mondays. People Magazine "Fierce and Fabulous" and New York Times Classic, a Wednesday puzzle from 1998, I think. Fix this glitch and you can easily do away with the swipe to delete feature (or you could add a confirmation button to appease the slippery fingers). 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40475:	   Love the app one issue tho..lately the # of hinted letters is off I have revealed one letter and the stats says 3 revealed 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40476:	  Buggy. 1) If you hit show errors when you're highlighting a word, then guessing wrong on letters in that word won't be marked incorrect. 2) Very often, letters that I've already entered get randomly changed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40481:	   Used to be great. The last overhaul is very buggy: "download all" doesn't download all from that day. New York Times Classic always downloads the same one no matter what. Swipe action defaults to delete so lost a bunch of puzzles inadvertently. Keyboard buffers up and then sends multiple keystrokes. Can I go back to previous version please? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40491:	   Best crossword app, but doesn't work on Samsung s6. Freezes and I can't tap to a new location. Pls fix, otherwise this is a great game. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40499:	   *EDIT* I recently upgraded from a Galaxy S3 to an S6 Edge. I used to use this app on a daily basis on the S3, but it is now nearly unplayable on the S6. I am unable to choose squares for words within any given puzzle. It's as if the game just hangs. I hope there is a fix soon, as I really miss playing! This is/was a 5 star app when it is working. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40501:	   Have always enjoyed this app, but it crashes on Android 5.1. Kicks me back to the puzzle select screen when I type anything. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40502:	   My only problem with the program is that it randomly zooms out, and I can't get it to zoom in. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40503:	  Have played this game for years. Like many, I dislike the new version, but I learned to live with it. So, why the one-star? Because the game simply refuses to work on my new Note 4 running Lollipop. I can enter a word or two, but then when I try to select another word, the app refuses to respond. I tried installed version 3.3.15, but that had the same issue. This is really too bad - there are no alternative crossword apps out there. If the author is not going to maintain the app, he should then release to code to the public so that others can take over maintenance responsibilities. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40504:	   On my Samsung Galaxy S5. I luv crosswords! Having trouble on my new phone getting it to show errors, so i can learn. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40507:	   The software keeps our stats somewhere internally so it can report to Google Play games. But there is no way for us to see them. Give us an interface that shows us our own stats, please. Also, at least give us some clue as to what the last 5 Google play games achievements are. Finally, if we are using show errors mode, find a way that mis-types don't count as hinted boxes. And if we start a puzzle in show errors mode, how about giving us a warning box to switch it back to hide errors before starting. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40509:	   Gives me a nice interface for the Times and lots of other good sources . Why I only gave four stars before is a mystery. Fixed that. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40514:	   Was going to rate it higher till it wouldn't download USA TODAY CROSSWORD any more. What gives? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40520:	   I have used it for quite some time, but the latest (Android, running on One Plus One) version has at last two bugs. When a crossword is partially or fully competed and you go back to the main page, the crossword is not often saved. For example, I just finished a crossword, and the main page showed 3% completion. The second problem is that the crossword is randomly resized to a smaller version and it's hard to work with it. Otherwise, it has been a workhorse for me and I've been a happy user. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40521:	   I've used it for months. Don't know if this is the best place to report this bug. Recently had to back up all puzzles, about 6 months worth, then reset phone to factory reset and reload the app. Copied all cw files back and they appeared fine. Played about 12 of them, the did CLEANUP, and it wiped them all except the ones I'd downloaded after the reset. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40523:	  I don't know what's going on, the app won't load anymore. Please fix this!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40524:	   WTF? I have been using this app forever with relatively minor issues. Just download to my GS6. Got 3/4 through LA Times and hit the back key and it deleted everything. What's up with that. I'm not even going to try another puzzle til that really big problem is resolved. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40529:	   I love this app so much I've kept it, but it hasn't worked right since I got my s6 in April 2015. What doesn't work is that I can't select a box by tapping, so I have to use arrows to move everywhere. Please fix. I've tried changing to other crossword apps, but I like this one the best. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40530:	   Puzzles won't download anymore and any progress on previously downloaded puzzles is not saved. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40533:	   On my ASUS Zenfone 2, with a 1080x1920 resolution display and Android 5.0 Lollipop, the app interface is cut off at the top right and I am unable to tap the three-dot menu button. Please address display scaling issue. Also I am running a DPI/PPI of 403(1:1 for a 1080p, 5.5" screen) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40535:	   No refuses to work at all, insists I don't have a connection. Reinstalled three times. I'm done with it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40537:	   I strongly recommend it. The new updates aren't too bad, either. I do have issues with two changes: I much prefer the previous keyboard layout to the current one, and I dislike that only puzzles for the current day are downloaded automatically. I don't always have time for the app every day, but whenever I can, I try to catch up on backlog. Having to go through and manually update any day I missed opening the app is frustrating. EDIT: expand the scroll bar to be useful again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40539:	   There are only a few minor things keeping me from giving five stars: 1) Too easy to scroll when selecting a box (needs a "drag length" setting) 2) Pressing "back" dismisses the KB, so another is needed to exit. 3) Puzzle management is too complicated. 4) Needs option to download puzzles from every date since that of latest downloaded puzzle (or download once/day, even when app not opened). 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40540:	   This is a great app. The design is clean and intuitive. However, it is starting to fall behind. Washington Post no longer downloads. The Chronicle of Higher Education no longer downloads. There are about 76 unaddressed issue reports on the project's Google Code page, where I assume the latest and greatest source code resides. I don't think the author is out to make money, since there are no ads in the app, but I get the feeling he has abandoned the project. Which would be sad. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40546:	   Unlike others, I actually like the new material design - kudos for keeping it consistent with Lollipop. Also, good job fixing the delete issue. Small issues are the download date picker doesn't show the day of the week, and the keyboard doesn't allow number entries (this has prevented completion of a couple of crosswords). Much larger issue is that square selection seems to be hypersensitive - the slightest sideways movement as you tap is interpreted as a pan rather than a select. Using a Galaxy S6. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40552:	   I love it. It's the best crossword app there is. BUT!!! It keeps running, using memory, and when I force close, it won't work when I open it again. Had to reinstall. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40553:	   Lost two stars because I previously had a Galaxy Fascinate which would not allow the latest updates on this app. Recently got a new S6 and got the app again because I really loved it an used it most every day. Some problems now. First, the highlight errors will not work. I see in settings where you can turn them on or off, but it doesn't work. The second is, and I am not sure if it is not working or had been deleted with the update, but before I could touch the clue or "Box" that I wanted to enter text into, now that feature seems to be missing. The combination of these two things make it much less enjoyable. Does anyone have a fix or is it possible to revert to older version? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40555:	   I had to transfer my data to another model and now when I unselect the hint option (or even if select it) I get no pink boxes. Galaxy S5 Sport. Please fix then I'll go back to five starring! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40556:	   Same issue happened a couple of years ago. Thought maybe it was fixed since you have app pics that show The Washington Post being back. Not the case. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40561:	   Half the time you can't get a row or column selected correctly. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40562:	  Won't open; Receive "unfortunately Shortyz has stopped" error msg EVERY time i open the app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40563:	   I have used this app for many years and never had any problems. The latest update makes practically the entire screen white though and it's like staring at a flashlight. I usually play at night so it's especially bothersome. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40565:	   I love the selection of crosswords on the app. However, I usually complete a few puzzles a day and my Achievements never records them. Kind of sucks I don't get the points... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40572:	  Been using it over a year, I think, never any problem! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40573:	   When you have finished 77% of a New York Times Sunday puzzle only to have the app crash and have to start over, you uninstall the app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40577:	   Unable to get the People Magazine Puzzle to install new puzzle. Always comes up as being red. Tried to uninstall then reinstall but still have the same issues.....Please fix this issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40581:	   Crashing issues seem to have been fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40589:	   Hint highlighting not working so no more fun for me. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40591:	   Washington post crosswords stopped downloading, onion crosswords as well. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40597:	   Use this app all the time. Seldom have issues. Friday WSJ and Chronicle are my favorites. I also wonder where WA Post puzzles have gone. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40610:	   What happened?? Love 6he app but WP was my favorite as you don't get the NY TIMES 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40612:	   I love Shortyz, had it for years. On my current platform/phone, pressing the native menu key leads the program to crash. As such I can't change any settings, get hints, check errors when the board is full but still reads 99% complete, or really do anything other than fill in clues. It's a huge bummer. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40613:	   The puzzles are good ones, but I have three issues that keep it from being 5-star. *Fix the sensitivity problem on the puzzle squares. *Make a back button for use after accidentally switching to clues list. *Save stats with finished puzzles. By the way, I LOVE this app. That's why I want to see it improved. It could be my favorite app of all time. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40615:	   I have been using this app since 2012 when I entered the smartphone world. Love it, but for the past week or so the Washington Post puzzle hasn't been downloading, which isn't the biggest deal because I have a subscription but when I get stuck I finish the puzzle on this app (because I can cheat). Please fix, other than that: great app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40619:	  Where's has Washington post gone? It was my favorite now it's gone, anyone else have this problem? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40626:	   I would rate it higher, but I can't get it to sync with my NYT xword subscription. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40627:	   Still my preferred Crossword app for ages. BUT buggy lately. Won't download specific puzzles (always downloads ALL). Panning and zooming is weird. And I REALLY miss the next clue button!!! Put Enter/next clue back on the custom keyboard with arrows PLEASE. and the more recent keyboards have been harder to type on. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40634:	  Good. I get a lot of enjoyment from it. A few niggling issues like the keyboard that I don't care for but danged good. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40636:	  Game crashes on lg optimus when i tap the menu button, EVERYTIME. Otherwise five stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40638:	   It's a great app when it works. It freezes my new Nexus 9. Maybe it doesn't like Lollipop. Please fix it. No other crossword app compares. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40640:	   Best one out there. The zoom can be an issue sometimes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40641:	   App will crash the whole system randomly while completing a puzzle. After reboot of the device, all progress is lost. Don't have this issue on my nexus 4. Otherwise this app is absolutely great. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40646:	   My favorite game app--used daily on Samsung phone, and Samsung, Nexus and Nextbook tablets--until the last update. Hate it now. Unwieldy settings...most of which don't work most of the time. App won't register puzzles as completed; delete function doesn't work; sometimes it won't download day's puzzles. What a mess. Where can I download an old version of what was one of the Play Store's best app? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40647:	   I was having a problem with the grid always gping back to miniature, but that stopped happening, so now Ingive this appmfive stars - puzzle solving made easy. Thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40649:	  I really don't have any problems with the new look it's just that when I click on a puzzle the previous one I was working on will disappear. So far that's the only thing that is annoying me. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40652:	   Love this app, but I'm having one issue: recently changed to an LG G3 phone and now I no longer get the pink highlighting when use an incorrect letter. Doesn't matter what I the option to in the settings, either. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40663:	  Love the app two problems, since the updates I miss the dark background and I can't figure out how to unarchive puzzles? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40666:	   Like the new look and feel. Downgraded due to problems when puzzles include numbers in the puzzle. As did the la times on 1/11/15 mp3, omega3 ... please fix so native keyboard can enter digits 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40667:	   This is the best crossword app however my reveal button in the help menu doesn't work as well as the show hint. I can't figure out any reason for this and want to know after I've completed a puzzle if I actually got the answers correct. Please fix for 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40669:	   I've played a few games but can't tell if I actually got them all right. The reveal button is grayed out. I even deliberately made a couple of answers wrong to see if I could use the reveal button but I still couldn't use it. There could at least be something to indicate that you got them all right/wrong but nope...nothing. And the help button was is no help. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40676:	   This crossword puzzle app DOES work with my KitKat OS, while 123CW failed to display an onscreen keyboard or work with my bluetooth Zagg Keyboard. Good landscape display on my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 also. The layout is just fine, and not hard on my eyes. Also, it pulls the Washington Post puzzles and others for free, while 123CW makes them premium content. Best app. Hope this helps. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40677:	   I use this app several times every day and have for the last few years. I even donated. The developer use to respond to comments but now he doesn't. I don't know what is up with that. Everybody is complaining about the new keyboard and the new color scheme being too bright. That is not hard to fix. I never even thought of using other crosswords, but this keyboard issue is so bad that I'm starting to look at other crossword apps. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40678:	  Have had this app for a while now and have not had problems with it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40681:	   I'm not sure why the author fixed something that wasn't broken. Default keyboard is annoyingly bright and difficult to navigate. Switching the keyboard is glitchy. Like other reviewers have stated, it's far too easy to accidentally delete puzzles. The old design simply worked. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40686:	   newest version crashes any time i try to adjust settings (lg spectrum 2, android 4.1.2); plz fix this & i'll rate 5 stars! otherwise it's the best crossword app out there. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40689:	  I have used this amazingly addictive app for many years, on many phones, and love it immensely. However, since getting my new phone (LG G2) the hint highlighting has not worked, which is quite irksome, as that feature has always made it so much easier (than standard handwritten crosswords) for me to learn new things. I feel like the highlighting has made me an overall better crossword player (even though it is cheating-but, hey, I'm learning). Thank you for this app and all the work continually put into it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40694:	   Love the app. But when my nexus 7 was upgraded to Lollipop, it stopped working. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40695:	   Tried uninstall and reinstall, and app remains a blank white screen. Please fix! Noticed this problem 12/23/14. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40696:	  Since last update everytime I go into the settings menu the application force closes whatever you did fix it please 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40701:	   Well done. The best crossword app. But please fix the keyboard! The new one is bad. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40704:	   The combination of your upgrades and my switch to a new tablet has been a step backward. In addition to the legibility and keyboard problems others discuss, I am having real trouble tapping on an individual square and then going there - it can take 5 or 6 taps before anything happens. Did I miss a setting? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40706:	   I had to give up on this. With the new format I couldn't figure out how to get errors to display. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40711:	   This was the best crossword puzzle app ever. Then a major overhaul update came. I'm not crazy about the look of it now, but I don't care about that. It constantly crashes now. Sometimes for no reason at all, but every single time I hit the menu button on my phone to access settings or a much needed hint, it crashes. When it crashes, I lose all current data. Sorry, man, you fixed what wasn't broken. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40713:	   I keep tapping on a crossword to select it and begin but the swipe-to-delete is too touchy and sometimes i end up deleting a crossword that i am either about to begin or continue. Very very annnoying. Sometimes, if it aint broke, dont fix it!!!!!!!!!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40714:	   After the update I can't delete puzzles... Fixable? I think the older program had a more efficient use of space. Update seems to waste more space. I'm using an LG g3 phone. FOLLOW UP: Major problems all fixed! I use this every day! Love it! And a very responsive app maker! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40717:	   The problems that vexed me most have been fixed. I am even getting used to the new keyboard. New problem: some puzzles disappear from the list after I select the next in line. Today, it was the Newsday and USA Today puzzles. Also, an old problem: NYT Classic puzzle dated 11/25/1998 keeps being put on the list. Not each day but from time to time. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40719:	   I use this app daily. It is constantly changing to keep up with all the new devices that keep coming out. I know without a doubt that any bugs that are properly reported will be resolved in a matter of days. I trust this app will be around for years. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40720:	  I prefer the older version style, but w/e. My main issues are with actual problems: force close when I try to open a context menu, and puzzles don't always save filled clues from the previous time I worked on them. Running ICS on LG Optimus G. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40721:	   Except that it crashes on LG optimus f7 android 4.1.2 when i try to go to settings. Works fine on my lg volt android 4.4.2. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40722:	  I've been a fan of your app for a while now but I gotta say, I don't like the new changes. It has nothing to do with the new look. This version just doesn't work as well. If I touch my puzzle list wrong I delete the puzzle completely and have to redownload and restart it. Every time I open the app I have an old People magazine puzzle(that I remember from months ago) that pops up at the top of my list, and no matter how many times I delete it, it's back the next time I open it. Too many bugs. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40724:	   This app is by far my favorite puzzle app. Issues seem to be resolved! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40725:	  Thanks for your latest update (Nov. 2014). This app has many great features, and we appreciate your continous improvements. One bug from this last update was fixed as I was writing this - fast work! Now, if you can just make the in-app keyboard better, I will happily give you 5 stars. I have small hands and fingers, but still miss the correct letter as often as I hit it. Since I really like the app feature which keeps track of errors (which I rarely make), typing errors are frustrating as well as time-consuming. Looking forward to this fix. Thanks again! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40729:	   This update was the worst thing ever. I can't download the new puzzles, I hate the colors because they make it hard to figure out where things are. Rollback please. Now that I have the older version back, much happier! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40730:	   What's the issue with the People Magazine puzzle? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40731:	   This Robert Cooper guy is great. The transition to material design was mildly bumpy but he kept us updated as he fixed things and now imho the app is perfect. Love love love it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40734:	   Best crossword puzzle app bar none. Developer is very quick to push updates to fix crashes if they are reported. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40736:	   I was really enjoying this app, but after the last update it crashes whenever I try to exit from a puzzle and return to the page with the puzzle list. All progress on the puzzle is lost in the crash. I also dislike the new white keyboard. If the crashes are not fixed I will have to uninstall. UPDATE: The crashes seem to be fixed, so I'm giving it 4 stars. Will be 5 when there is an option for a dark keyboard. This is a really nice app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40744:	  Was working great then after an update it stopped working. Tried reloading and nothing. It's a shame. It was a great crossword app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40751:	   I love this app and the new layout is wonderful but it keeps crashing and progress isn't saved was working yesterday but updated again now it keeps crashing. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40752:	   I love this app. Since the new look update, I've had a new issue. I tend to tap on a square and then immediately tap it again to change from across to down or vice versa. I basically double tap a lot while moving around. Since the update, about half the time, when I perform this double tap, it's like I triple tapped. Eg, it highlights the row, switches to the column (where it should stop), but after a brief pause, it switches to the row again. Irritating, but not debilitating. Thanks for your hard work! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40756:	   Developer works surprisingly hard to keep this FREE app up to date. By far the best crossword puzzle app I've found. I've had some problems with it, but honestly the dev is dropping updates all the time. So a good app, great dev, easy to recommend. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40757:	   Love the app. Would give it 5 stars except this newest update keeps crashing. Please fix. This is the best crossword app around. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40761:	   Too much white, too many crashes. Can't get to settings to be able to show errors, etc. Crashes every time I try. Want the old version back. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40762:	  Love it. And the bugs that came with the major update, seem to be fixed on my device since the last one. Thanks for making my down time more enjoyable. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40764:	   I loved this app last week. I never experienced crashes and everything downloaded fast and the list of crosswords was perfect and beautiful. The keyboard was beautiful. Now everything is white :( White hurts my eyes even on the dimmest screen setting. The keyboard has no lines to sperate letters, which makes it easier to press the wrong key. The text everywhere is so much harder to read now. I miss the blackness and the buttons. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40765:	   Crash crash crash. Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Can't even scroll though the list. Crash. It was great before but it's nothing now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40767:	   ... I have been experiencing an issue. Upon opening a puzzle, the app closes. I am; however, able to reopen the app and then open the crossword. There has only been one that closed the app every time I tried to open it. I also like the new format. Galaxy S4. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40768:	   The app needed to be updated to match the new style guides, and I, for one, think it looks much better now! Of course there are a few glitches here or there but the developer is responding quickly. I think sheer volume of negative responses demonstrates how many people rely on this app every day, and let's remember it's free without any ads or anything. Let's all be a little more patient when we notice a small issue. I can guarantee the dev won't leave us with a broken app for long (and in my experience it's far from broken) Further, if you're having an issue with a specific puzzle, I can virtually guarantee it's because that source has changed something. When that happens this app's dev has always been very quick to respond whenever possible (it's not always within his power). 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40771:	   I love the app itself, a great electronic version of crosswords....especially the NYT, which I subscribe to. But I hate the new keyboard, it's tiring and too hard to see. In fairness (I guess), I've hated the design of all the new Materials Design layouts, so maybe this Google's problem? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40775:	  Not liking the new update. Also keeps crashing :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40776:	   I actually like the new look BUT the slide left/right to delete is too sensitive, I keep deleting puzzles when I try to open them. As well, the NYT classic has been loading the same puzzle for weeks (not sure why), and random crashes happen. I submit the crash reports for those though. Overall a fantastic app, and even with these small things, I'd still recommend anyone to try it out 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40781:	   Crashed three times in the first five minutes since the update. This program has never crashed on me before that I can recall. Sadness 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40788:	   I'm still on the fence with the new look but I'm not having the crashes and stability issues others have mentioned. I'm still annoyed that on tablets zoom still maxes out at a puzzle size that is MUCH smaller than the usable area. My rating went from 5 stars to 2 back in Jan 2013 when this issue first became an issue. Almost 2 years later my tablets keep getting bigger which makes my puzzles seem smaller and smaller. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40797:	  Latest update has left me in the cold. I can't open the puzzles, anymore. I'll have to uninstall. Not happy. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40801:	   I loved this app until the update. I hate the new layout. I can't even open the app without it crashing. I'm disappointed that I have to uninstall and find a new crossword app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40802:	   Looks like most my original complaints are fixed... But now it just force quits! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40804:	   The app keeps crashing and closing without warning. This is very frustrating. Miss the black keyboards and the arrows that used to be on the keyboard. I don't mind it being white, but it would be nice to have the old format back. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40807:	   This would have been a five star rating until the new update. I HATE the new look, why did everything have to be white? It is painful for those of us who are light sensitive. Nothing is as intuitive or clean as it used to be and to top it all off it crashes all the time so I can't even use it. Super unhappy with all the changes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40816:	   Loved this app for a long time. The only problem I'm having with the new update is that when I fill in a word in one direction, say across, when I try to double click another box to change to down, it will wait a second then switch back to across for some reason. Very frustrating and is causing unnecessary errors in my puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40825:	   Where is the long press, delete archive functionality? Also, still cannot download a lot of the weely puzzles. In fact, Jonesin is the only one that downloads. Tried emailing the programmer, but no response. Will change back to 5 stars if i get a response and app is fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40827:	   I have had and loved this app for years. This update causes app to crash and not launch on s3 mini running jellybean. If it gets fixed I will up my rating. If not I will be forced to uninstall. So sad. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40829:	   The new keyboard layout is outright bland! White and no borders between yhe keys. Please fix this :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40844:	   Like another reviewer having the same issue of cursor not responding when I tap a box. Uninstalled and reinstalled did not fix. Used to love this app hate to dump it for a different one. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40847:	   Just having problems with getting the larger-format puzzles to download - I've had the Onion AV Club puzzle "downloading" for 3 hours now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40849:	   I have used and loved this app for years, but recently upgraded my phone and it doesn't seem to work properly now. When I tap on a box to enter the solution, the "cursor" doesn't jump there like it should. Sometimes repeated tapping works, sometimes it just doesn't work at all. Please look into this! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40853:	   I love this app and the puzzles, but recently I've come across one that had a number in two of the answers. My android has only a letter keyboard in-app, so I can't finish the puzzle! Fix this problem and my rating goes back up to 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40854:	   This app works well, has a very flexible interface, and it is very actively maintained. What more could one ask. -- update 3.3.14 problems promptly fixed, thanks. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40855:	   Promptly fixed the issue where app didn't show up in app menu. Will give 5 stars when I can make the clue text bigger. Droid turbo 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40858:	   Have always loved this app but couldn't download my favorite L.A. Times Sunday crossword puzzle today. Uninstalled and reinstalled but still couldn't download. Please fix this! I so look forward to my Sunday times crossword! Please & Thank you! Samsung galaxy 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40861:	  Great way to kill time. But People Magazine's puzzles keep downloading the same "Fierce and Fabulous" puzzle...every puzzle. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40863:	   Worked great till a week ago. Now the letter S on the keyboard doesn't work for any puzzles. Have had to quit using. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40864:	  Love it again since crash fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40873:	   I can't even use this app. It won't open and tells me it has to be force closed. It was good when it worked. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40874:	  Latest upgrade crashes when opening a puzzle. Galaxy S2 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40876:	   Easy to read. Easy to navigate. However, it's been down for over 6 hours :-( first time it's crashed for me in the last 2 years. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40877:	   Great app but last update crashes 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40878:	  When are you going to fix 3.1.14? It crashes for many long-time fans. Please hurry! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40879:	   My favorite crossword app no longer downloads puzzles since updated a few days ago. Please fix it because, when working, this app merits 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40880:	   I have noticed lately that certain puzzle will not update. Particularly the people magazine crossword. It repeatedly uploads the puzzle titled "Fierce and Fabulous". Love it except for this small problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40881:	   Since update, still can't open to play! Plz fix!! Uninstalling!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40882:	  Sorry I upgraded, my favorite app crashes when I open a puzzle. Please fix it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40888:	   I love this app, but as of 10/27/14 I can't open anything. I need my puzzles back!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40892:	   Since the 10/26/14 update my beloved SHORTYZ crashes every time i want to open a puzzle! I need my FIX! I have an older smart phone; is this the issue (HTC G2)? I would hope a crossword puzzle app would not punish a user with an older phone! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40893:	   The app was working fine until the update on 10/26/14. Now it crashes everytime I try to load a puzzle. I am hoping this can get fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40900:	   My iOS friends envy me this great crossword app. Every once in a while, the content providers change something, which then requires a fix. In spite of high demands from a day job, an update comes out asap. Please never abandon this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40901:	   Can't access NY Times subscription. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40903:	  Love this app but it has become unresponsive to touch more and more lately. Sometimes I have to close the puzzle and reopen to move to a different square on my Galaxy S4. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40904:	  Love it! Works great all the time. I never have a problem with it. Ever. Wish all my apps worked this great 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40910:	  Great app. Some functionality issues on the galaxy s5. No button to move to next clue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40911:	   Great app. Can not use the Galaxy Note S-PEN though. Still a keeper anyways! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40912:	   You can't find a better phone or tablet crossword app. Simple, fast and with all the features you'd want. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40916:	   Now that the fix to the broken update has been placed. I'm liking it again 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40917:	   Great crossword app.....but I don't get half of the crossword puzzles that are shown on this page..... Never seen Boston Globe for instance. Give me more daily puzzles please! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40919:	   Tons of popular, free crosswords of every difficulty with no ads. Interface on my Galaxy is clean and simple. Can't find a single complaint. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40925:	   Even when prompted la times and Friday's wsj don't download 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40927:	   This is my favorite crossword app. I've used a few, and this is the only one I stick to now. I'd like to see the error reveals and other features on the Experimental sources, but I don't honestly need those to keep me occupied, and I do understand the meaning of "experimental." Overall, I have zero complaints. *NOTE: I don't have or plan to have a NYT subscription, so I can't speak regarding any issues with the linking feature. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40931:	   The hint function does not work on my S5. Worked perfectly for YEARS on my OG moto Droid and SII. If they still worked I'd play on them. very disappointed that it doesn't work - I use daily with hints but can bang out a puzzle in 20 mins and feel good rather than frustrated. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40936:	   I've used this app for several years and enjoyed it, but recently I decided to buy a subscription to The New York Times crossword. I have been unable to link the two together in spite of going to the Shortyz's subscription page and entering both email and password. Shortyz app doesn't respond to the input and will not download NYT crosswords. I cannot see what I am doing wrong, if the fault is at this end. Please fix this; it's the only reason I purchased the subscription. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40952:	   Update to previous review: Very annoying! I have upgraded to the Galaxy S5 Android 4.4.2, and this issue with the touch not responding when trying to select squares in the grid is still there. ...even worse. Now I see that several other people are complaining about it. It certainly takes the enjoyment away, when I have to touch several times to select a square to fill. I used to love it, but since last Android update to 4.3, selecting squares has been very difficult. AT&T Galaxy S3 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40956:	   This app is great. It has so many sources for puzzles, that you could puzzle all day. I'm having a small issue where once you complete a word and it automatically moves to the next clue, the enter to skip to the next clue command doesn't work. For some reason it highlights the top left puzzle icon on my Samsung Galaxy S5. This is only mildly annoying, but would be a nice fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40962:	   Will not automatically download any of the puzzles I set it to download. As a matter of fact the only one I can download at all is the Washington Post daily puzzle. Fix or I will uninstall. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40965:	   And earlier version had issues with the zoom function, but that has been fixed and now I love this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40967:	   it doesn't respond to screen taps half the time on LG G2, making it difficult and annoying to navigate. Also is not downloading NYTimes puzzle, despite correct account info entry. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40972:	   Can't use enter to switch clues. Every time I type a letter or hit space to switch directions it highlights the crossword icon in the top left and then I have to swipe across the board to clear it so I can use the enter key. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40973:	   One of the best xword apps I've found. Two minor issues - everyday it loads the same puzzle from People, for some reason, and then sometimes it loads NYT puzzles from months or years ago so they are frequently ones that I've already done. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40977:	   Terrible! Touchscreen interface does not work 60% of time. Can' t see all clues and grid at same time. Must download puzzles 1 at a time, no batch. The worst iOS apps are 100X better! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40980:	   It would be nice if the really icky puzzles were rated so that those of us with morals don't open them. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40996:	   Just the best crossword app on the market. Latest update (sorry no version number) had problems when rotating the phone on HTC Sensation. Other than that, perfect and intuitive to use. Oh yeah, can't delete the archive for some reason. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#40998:	   Absolutely the best app for using with an NYT crossword subscription. Recently, the NYT site changed and broke the app's ability to pull the .puz files. Within a day or two the dev patched the app to fix. Awesome! Could not ask for more! Thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41001:	   great variety of puzzles daily, some off-color weekly faves, some time-passers, and some real toughies. smooth and comprehensive options for different styles of solving and different difficulties. update fixed sticky zoom, yay! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41006:	   new york times puzzles not loading on May 24, or May 26, although I got the sunday puzzle yesterday. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still no new york times. Otherwise I love this app, it is so easy to use. Please help me get back my New York Times puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41008:	   Occasionally my subscribed NY Times puzzle doesn't load, but I suspect that's on the NY Times. I use this app daily. It works flawlessly. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41010:	  Used to love (5 stars) this app. Since the android update I can't use the enter to tab from clue to clue. Very frustrating trying to move as it gets STUCK at the top of the clue list and won't let me tab without touching the screen. Did I say frustrating? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41011:	  Great app! My only complaint is that Newsday puzzles cause the 3.3.12 version to crash on my Samsung S III. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41013:	   The best crossword app I've tried, with the best content. And it's free. I never run out of crosswords. The controls are sensible and easy to get used to. My only complaint is that the settings menu is so close to the puzzle grid that it's easy to fatfinger it and accidentally reveal errors. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41019:	  Fantastic app! The best crossword game out there. Lots of puzzles to choose. Developer addresses questions and problems faster than anyone else. (Samsung Galaxy S5) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41024:	   Just started using this and there's no reveal or submit or anything to indicate if it's done. I tried turning on the error boxes and deliberately changed a correct answer just to see what it would do but nothing. Very unsatisfying ending!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41025:	  Love this app. Having an issue downloading the onion av club puzzle, but otherwise it's great for crosswords 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41026:	   Most of the bugs of yore seem fixed. Great app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41031:	   I've been using this app almost everyday for a couple years now. Have hardly ever had a glitch. It's truly the best one out there! Only thing I wish is it would pull from NY Times. I thought I could get it because I have a subscription but that one doesn't work. Other than that, perfect! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41034:	  Can't get the nyt to download, have subscription. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41036:	   Cool app for crossword nuts - you get your crossword fix of all the top puzzles on your phone! I do them all every day! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41040:	   I have a Galaxy Note 3 and the touch screen doesn't work in your app. Worked fine on my other tablets. You get 1 star until you decide to FIX THIS. Meanwhile, I'll find a GOOD crossword app that actually WORKS!!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41044:	   Love this app but my People download keeps loading an old one... how do I fix this so it downloads the current week's??? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41046:	   Used to be 5 star, but now the interface is broken--enter and ok button don't work and the zoom is so broken that it is unplayable. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41051:	   Love this app! Play all the time. People Magazine was back but again is stuck on same puzzle, please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41054:	   Would be a five star but minor bugs 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41057:	   Love this. And now that I've discovered the show errors option I enjoy it more. Great for people trying to get into a crossword habit. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41063:	   because it has friggin adds that pop up in all my apps! this was the only game ive downloaded today so i know its not any other app! this app has adware, do not download 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41067:	   I haven't tried the paid version, but the free version works great. You get a handful of puzzles a day at various levels of difficultly. My one issue is that when they load some of the classic puzzles it doesn't store correctly whether you have finished them in the past. The affect of which being that you start doing a puzzle and figure out ten minutes in that you are magically getting the answers too easily. I just stopped doing the classic puzzles. It's free though, can't complain. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41071:	   This is a great app, and is perfect for doing crosswords on the go. There are some zoom issues occasionally, but they've been significantly reduced after the most recent update. The addition of achievements has added another element to the puzzles which I like. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41076:	   Best crossword app that I've used on several devices. When it comes to what puzzles are available this is easily the best crossword app. Ny times, Washington Post, etc. UI is great too except weird issue where the puzzle will zoom far out, which can be difficult to recover from. If the zoom bug gets fixed, This is easily a 5 star app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41083:	   Had it for over a year. Never had a problem with it. There are a few puzzles that are challenging and then a few that are easier. Thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41085:	   This is the best app on the market. The Washington Post puzzles are back! The developer is very responsive in fixing issues. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41092:	   Changed my review to 5 stars... before it was a great app hampered by frequent crashes. Now it's just a great app. More puzzles, no ads, no stupid permissions, no bs... just lots of quality crosswords. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41094:	   After the latest update, the app closes any time I try to go into a puzzle. I use it almost every day, so I hope the issue is fixed soon. Rating will change after the fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41097:	   I play with the 'Show errors' option selected. Doesn't take away from the puzzle solving experience at all. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41100:	   My only complaint is that since the last update, every once in a while the app freezes. Fix that and it'd be five stars! Edit: fixed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41101:	   Newsday not working on last update 2/12, but still my number one go to for phone distractions. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41103:	   The only reason that this doesn't get a 5-star rating is that no matter how many times I check and unchecked the "No Hint Highlighting" box it doesn't give me the pink boxes. It did on my last phone but doesn't on Commando 2. The app is overall easy to use and a great app for anyone who loves crosswords. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41112:	   Great all around. I use this app to get my subscribed NYT puzzles, and many others, rather than their own. I've used this for years and can't think of a single issue I've had using it on either my phone or tablets (s3, n7, kindle hd) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41115:	   Love the app but I have not had a People Magazine  downloaded in 8 weeks. WHY??? Please fix this.PLEASE!!! Therefore I will only give this app 3 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41124:	   I've been using this app for so long and want so upset last week when I couldnt get Newsday...thank you thank you thank you for fixing it! Great app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41125:	   5-Stah!!! LA Times is back! Great fix... Thanks!... Great format and execution overall. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41129:	   I first commented that LA Times did not work but an update came through and now it works perfectly. this app is five stars and I should have given it five stars before. This is a well maintained application. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41135:	   I was worried for a bit but then the LAT issue got fixed. Huzzah! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41136:	   LA times won't download on my motox 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41138:	   Great app and quick fix when la times and news day went down. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41140:	   Not getting puzzles I once did 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41141:	   While this app occasionally has issues it is one of the most used on my phone. It works well and has good clarity for the puzzles. From time to time some of the puzzles will stop downloading for a week or two but then they start up again. My guess is that this has more to do with the content providers than the app. My main issue with the app is that (at least on my device) once you start typing something you have to touch somewhere on the puzzle before you can use enter to move to the next clue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41148:	   I've had this app for a few years off and on. It's a good app for crosswords but the "People" crossword hasn't updated in a month of Thursdays (since I installed it again). If the next update can't fix this I will probably give up and un-install it for good this time. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41151:	   This app used to download puzzles every day, but now it won't download any new ones. Un installing now! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41152:	   Love the app, but now the LA Times puzzle won't download. The NYT hasn't worked for months either. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41154:	   Had this app on previous phone and I love this app but it will not download all the puzzles on my Samsung note 3. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41160:	   I love this app, but the last few days the LA Times crossword puzzle won't download. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41162:	   The August update has destroyed the app - crashes on launch every time. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41163:	   LA Times stopped downloading 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41164:	   It stopped downloading on 1/27/2014. Any particular reason? Other than that APP works well 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41166:	   All but two of the daily puzzles stopped downloading 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41168:	   Problem seems to be fixed! Now this app can have its starts back! Thank you! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41169:	   Thanks for the fix. Back to five stars!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41173:	   Ever since the latest update, it crashes whenever I open a puzzle. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41174:	   Love getting my NYT fix right on my phone as well as many others. The interface has numerous options to suit anyone's style. Absolutely love this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41178:	   Lots of puzzles, lots of options in the settings, hardly any bugs.. Sometimes the screen gets stuck in zoom out mode, but exiting the app and returning fixes it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41179:	   Does what it advertises. Neat features like "show errors ." 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41183:	   Used to love it. Now it just crashes on startup on my Nexus 5. Unplayable. 23JAN14: it's working again. Thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41184:	   I loved this app on my old phone but it is unusable on my Galaxy S4. The puzzle size is too tiny to be playable and it will not zoom in at all. :-( Please please fix it... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41185:	   No ads? Daily puzzles (with the option to import paid ones too)? For free? Yeah, there are a couple of small bugs on my Galaxy S4--once I use the keyboard, I can't skip words until I tap the crossword again--but given that it's not pestering me every 5 minutes about Candy Crush, I'm okay with that. So if it works on your phone, this is the best crossword app of all. And it's free, so try it out. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41187:	   I keep getting an error message that won't allow me to even open the app. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling a couple times and it didn't help. Still got the error message. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41189:	   Well this app was everything I could have dreamed and more til it suddenly stopped working. I tried reinstalling, still nothing. Oh well, I will miss you shortyz....for the few weeks I had you, you made subways almost bearable. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41199:	   I had the same problem as another user. A puzzle refused to download, but would run constantly. I uninstalled the app, will keep checking back to see if it's been fixed. When it works I would give it 4 stars, but for now it is 1. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41201:	   I never had any problem with this app until yesterday. None of the puzzles will download. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41209:	   Brilliant user interface. One problem though is sometimes it zooms out to a tiny size and I can't zoom in. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41215:	   Unfortunately, it seems buggy with android 4.4. Sometimes backspacing doesn't work, the window isn't resized by the keyboard so scrolling doesn't work. Unfortunately, this makes it mostly unusable. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41218:	  Great app. Variety of puzzles. Huge problem it keeps stopings for no reason and the app wont open. What a shame please fix bugs, i really enjoy this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41220:	   Crash on open. Works for a day then back to crashing. I love it when its working. Would be 5 star 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41223:	   Not as usable or enjoyable now that I've updated from a Samsung Galaxy S2 to the higher pixel density of the Galaxy S4. Can't zoom in enough to comfortable use an app that I'd be will to purchase for ~$3.99. Hope this gets fixed in upcoming versions... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41227:	   Rarely crashes, new puzzles daily. Very happy with app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41230:	   Until this garbage with puzzles taking 24 hours to load is fixed, this stays at one with a bad recommendation. Fourteen puzzles now have done this and deleting the app doesn't even make it go away. Contacted the developer and he apparently doesn't care. I guess since it's not his battery being drained every few hours. Even after several months of no play, I tried again and it's still a Mess. Jonesin is "stuck" now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41231:	   No longer downloads puzzles. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41233:	   Am I the only one who cannot get this app open? I use to play ALL the time and it will NOT 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41235:	   Several puzzles don't download (WaPo, WSJ, etc.) would be 5 stars with that fix 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41237:	   Is it any wonder people are moving to clones of this previously excellent app when the author can't even be bothered fixing basic bugs like the menu missing "download". 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41241:	   Quickly fixed after previous issue, thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41242:	   Always loved this app! Fun, great variety, downloads new puzzles daily, & optional show errors. Only prob is screen fitting. Sometimes puzzles shrink when u type. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41244:	   I have reset the zoom several times, but everytime I touch the screen to add my word it goes back to the smallest screen on the top left side. Love the puzzles but your settings are a problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41247:	   Except for one problem. There are no pink highlights on my samsung mega. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41257:	   Crashes every time I scroll through puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41259:	   HELP please fix Im missing may daily crossword fix :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41264:	  Was a great app. Still have not figured out the the Android issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41268:	   It was working fine till one day the puzzle would shrink, and I'd zoom it out, and I'd go to touch the screen to start the puzzle again, it shrinks again. Or, I go onto another one and it won't zoom at all. What gives? I'll install/uninstall once. Otherwise if it doesn't work I'll try something else..pity, I liked this too. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41270:	   ...now I can't get any new puzzles to download, uninstalling now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41282:	   I LOVED this app. Upgraded to the new Galaxy and now I can't get the puzzles large enough to see. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41283:	   Matrix HD Won't let me open app at all - was my favorite ... please fix!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41284:	   So glad latest bug fixed. This is the best crossword app out there, period! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41285:	   Can't download people magazine puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41287:	   Puzzles are fun and challenging...only complaint I have is New York Times Classic is the same puzzle every week, fixing this will make it a 5 star 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41292:	   UPDATE: Works perfectly again. Back to daily usage. Thank you!!! Since last update it will not open and crashes. Used to spend hours on this app now it is uninstalled. :'( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41294:	   I first downloaded it many months ago. Took a while to get the hang of the user tools especially sizing it. Once I had it working, it was great. Used it during my commutes. I don't know what happened with the latest update but I can no longer open it. Install/uninstall. Clear cache. Reboot phone. I may get it to work for a while, but it inevitably crashes and I start the cycle all over. Not sure why I appear to be the only user with this persistent problem. Wish I could find the fix because I miss it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41295:	   The issue is still not resolved and I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling on my HTC EVO 4G LTE. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41299:	  All bugs fixed. Back in business thanks 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41300:	   Fantastic variety of puzzles at all levels. I've been hooked ever since I downloaded over a year ago. The bug that caused crash has been resolved. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41303:	  Thank you, thank you, thank you for fixing the crashing issue so quickly! Love this app!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41304:	   This game went from hardly playable to completely unplayable after this newest update. I'm not sure what is different about my device than everyone else's, but I cannot even get through two answers before having to back out and start all over again. Uninstalling. Dev, feel free to contact me if you want any info about my device to help resolve problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41305:	   : Needed to delete the crossword directory on the sdcard before reinstalling. Old:The app still crashes on opening with Droid DNA, Android 4.1.1 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41306:	   I love the app, but it won't work on my new RAZR HD for some reason. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41307:	   Newest update has broken this app for days with no word from the developer about a fix. Uninstalling New update has fixed this issue 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41308:	   Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle now 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41309:	   I really like this app and use it all the time. Thank you for fixing it for Android 4.3.3 (or whatever I have)! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41311:	   Doing this review to counter all the negative reviews from the update hiccup recently. The app is fixed (2 days) and is great for crossword aficionados. It just works, and I love the Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday puzzles in particular. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41312:	   Magic Jack app has great potential but the company doesn't seem to be interested in it at all. It does not work with the updated Jelly Bean 4.3, yet no update, and no response to any of the suggested changes. This is an orphan app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41314:	   Crashing problem is fixed. My fav crossword app! Can't get to sleep without it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41316:	   This was my favorite app, updates created crashes, and fortunately the developer is responsive so the app is fixed! I am a happy user again! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41317:	   Reported crash issues with Galaxy Note 2 on Saturday. Updates and fixed on Monday. Outstanding. Many thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41319:	   Thx for the quick fix (only 24 hours) for jellybean. Quality app. Best of luck in the future. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41320:	   This once problem-free app is, as many have noted, now beset with problems. The update is hopelessly buggy, and I am in the throes of a painful withdrawal; please fix lest I go mad! ********************************** Saints be praised! Back to five stars with the latest update. The response to our agonized wails was speedy and successful. Milles merci!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41326:	   Been a happy user for years. Update comes out and now it won't even open any puzzles ... pauses then crashes for "unknown reason" 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41328:	   Update: saw an update, got excited, updated the app, but now when I try to open the app it automatically force closes. Fix it please! Motorola Droid. After today's update the app force closes whenever I try to open any puzzle. Please fix!! I don't want to uninstall and lose my puzzles. :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41329:	   I play this everyday! The interface is the most user friendly of all the crossword apps I've seen. Thanks for the quick resolution to the update issue others mentioned! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41330:	   Since 3.2.9 update... 3.2.10 update can't open at all. HTC DNA... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41333:	   Crashes everytime I try to scroll down the list of puzzles on the main page. Have installed every update. ASUS TF 201. Very fun if you don't mind just playing puzzles that appear in the main window, so I gave it an extra star. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41334:	   This is a fantastic crossword app, now I can get my daily fix even when I can't get a newspaper! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41335:	   Loved it until it started crashing. Samsung galaxy S3. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41336:	   The last update caused the app to stop working. Please fix ASAP. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41337:	   Last update caused it to crash on opening. Reinstalling seemed to fix. Would have been 5 stars otherwise 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41339:	  Lots of brain food! Crashes fixed by last update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41340:	   FIXED FOLLOWING ISSUE, SO GAVE BACK THE STARS (UPDATE):.Since last update it Stops Working when attempting to open any puzzle on Droid DNA. Used a lot until then. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41345:	   Reinstalled SHORTYZ today, and it works!! Thanks for the rapid update. This is a really, really great APP and I was missing it after the problems with the previous (unsuccessful) update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41347:	   Latest update fixed crashes. Yay! I was all sad when it broke now im all happy that it's back! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41349:	   Newest update fixed crash issues 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41354:	   Awesome!! Its fixed!! Thank you!!! It works again 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41357:	   I love this app and use or every day. Like so many other users, the 3.2.9 update brought with it the inability to open a puzzle without crashing. I just ran the update again through the Play store and the app is working again. If it's crashing for you, give this a try. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41359:	   Shortyz is simple to use and still full of features. Because of this game, what was once my phone is now my crossword puzzle machine that I occasionally talk on. (Note: An August 4 update has fixed a crashing problem I had with the August 2 update. Yay!) Also, the developer of Shortyz has been remarkably gracious about some apparent license violations from other developers. Shortyz has a license which gives others permission to use the code under certain conditions, but some developers seem to be using the code but ignoring the conditions. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41360:	   Thank you for fixing the bugs! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41361:	   Rating used to be at least a 4, new update causes app to crash any time I try to open a puzzle. Essentially, Shortyz has become a list of titles of inaccessible puzzles. Galaxy SIII 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41363:	   Love the app. Although, since this update when I try to open a puzzle the app will crash. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41368:	   Latest version crashes when opening puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41369:	   Please fix soon I would like to do a crossword. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41370:	   Please fix! Samsung GS3 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41371:	   Only crashes. Broken with last update. Nice work. Was a great game. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41372:	   Found same exact app but this 1 doesn't force close its called crosswords by acerapps I'm going 2 use this until they fix short!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41377:	   Crashes every time I open a puzzle since the new update. Used it everyday prior to this problem 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41378:	   I have used this app for years. Best crossword app out there, but latest update broke it on my galaxy s3. Whatever bug they fixed on tablets they seemed to have created on smartphones. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41379:	   I used to absolutely love this app but ever since the the newest update the app crashes every time you select a puzzle. I will be uninstalling it and looking for another crossword app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41380:	   Now every time I try to open a puzzle it crashes 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41381:	   I've had it for a couple of years, but suddenly having the same trouble as others...it's crashing trying to open it. Getting ready to reinstall for second time...fingers crossed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41382:	  It crashed today and wouldn't come back. Before that it was great. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41385:	  I hope you can resolve the new crash issue soon. This has been one of my favorite apps! Thanks!tGreat fun once you get used to the interface... the new update has indeed caused forced closings. But I am still going to leave my five star rating because you have been so good at responding to problems. I cannot believe you do this, and this is still a free app. Again thank you. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41386:	   Was using this daily until August 3, 2013. Now I can't do anything with it until it is fixed. Might as well uninstall and find another app. Who has time to wait on a fix? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41388:	   Can't open a puzzle, force closes. Galaxy S3 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41389:	   App stops working when attempting to open a puzzle. It worked fine before the latest update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41390:	   Last update made the app useless. Crashes when opening a puzzle. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41391:	   UPDATE 8/4/13: I used to love this app until the most recent update. Now every time I attempt a puzzle it force closes. I love this app. Its simply the best. Recently I've been having an issue though. When I type a letter in, the puzzle super shrinks. I can rezoom it but as soon as I type another letter.. it shrinks again. Does the same if I manually tap the boxes. Other than that, I adore this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41392:	   New update doesn't work with the s3. Can't open any of the downloaded puzzles and the app shuts down when I click on anything 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41394:	  Won't open any puzzles. Shuts down every time. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41395:	   8/3/2013 update force closes when opening puzzles (Samsung GS3). Previously... Love this app, easy to view puzzles. And now crosswords don't frustrate me so much with the reveal errors feature. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41396:	   I've never had any complaints about this app, however since downloading the 3.2.9 update the app force closes every time I try to open a puzzle.. please fix this ASAP!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41397:	   Latest patch makes it crash every time I try to open a puzzle. Used to love this app, now it is a source of frustration. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41400:	   Now the puzzles don't open...please fix... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41401:	   I love this app but after this last update I can't even use it. The app force closes when I try to open any of my puzzles. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41404:	   Downloaded update today, and now the app crashes every time I start a puzzle. Never had issues before. Ugh. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41405:	   Can't open any puzzles since the update... :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41406:	   I've had this app a long time and never had a problem with it until I got update 3.2.9. Now it crashes everytime I try to open a puzzle. I've uninstalled and got a new app. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41409:	   Can't download half what they show available 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41410:	  Crashes after recent update 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41412:	   Last update just ruined it. Crashes when try to open puzzle. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41413:	   Stopped working after the update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41415:	   I love this game but since the latest update it crashes anytime I try to open a puzzle. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41416:	   Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle. This started occurring after the latest update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41417:	   I love this app and have used it daily for a few years. However, with the last release, the zoom is not functioning properly. The puzzle gets very small and the app slows down and I must force a shutdown of the app to correct the issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41418:	   App crashes before it even opens. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41421:	   Now it force closes when I try to open any puzzle on my GalaxyS3. Please fix, thanks. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41422:	   This last update SUCKS!! Won't open puzzles.....keeps stopping. Please fix! !!! I love this app and don't want to have to find another one. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41423:	   Great app until the last update broke it! App forces error and shuts down. I have uninstalled for now and look forward to installing it back after it's fixed again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41425:	  New version off to a rocky start. Crashing early and often on Samsung GS3. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41427:	   The latest uodatef ruined this app. Now it force closes. Please fix it 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41431:	   Update fixed the error. Love this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41432:	   Worked great until an automatic update today ruined the app. It force closes so I've had to uninstall. I have an HTC One X and usually do not have problems with most apps made for android.  
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41433:	   I love this app, but since today's update I can't open any puzzles and it forces closed when trying. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41434:	  New upgrade does not work! Its making a force stop immediately after upgrade and working fine until then. This is the best app ever, however, it doesn't even work now! Arg, I'm so bummed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41435:	   Zoom does not work properly and i can't move it when it is zoomed in. Sometimes the titles are messed up showing symbols instead of letters. Also the puzzle randomly becomes slanted and unresponsive. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41437:	   Latest update always crashes now! Please roll it back or fix? Love your program! Want it back. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41438:	   I missed this app - now after the fix it's usable again and worth 5 stars :-) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41439:	   Downloaded latest update, app crashes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41440:	   Best crossword app for Android. Latest update fixed the crashes on my Nexus 4. Thank you thank you thank you! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41442:	   My shortz app updated today, and now it won't open any of the puzzles. It just forcecloses. NOT HAPPY. I am addicted to my crosswords and this WAS ku favorite app. I used it daily until now. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41449:	   Recently updated to Jellybean 4.3, now app closes as soon as a puzzle is opened. Hopefully the issue will be resolved soon. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41452:	   I used this app daily until it crashed a few days ago and now won't open even with a reinstall and cache refresh. HELP Shortyz!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41454:	   I love this app but lately it will not download all of the puzzles that it should. I hope they get that fixed 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41456:	   This used to be my favourite app. but now, every time I try to open it, it says it has stopped working and closes. This happens on both Android devices. Maybe it's me? But I am very sad because I would have rated it 5*! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41459:	   Used to be a 5 star crossword app. All of a sudden it wouldn't download some of the puzzles I liked. I don't know if they didn't want to pay the puzzle creator what he wanted for his puzzles or what. Hopefully they will get it worked out soon. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41460:	   The best crossword app I've found so far for Android. Free daily puzzle downloads mean you always have new content. But ever since I updated to 4.3, I can't play anymore! The moment I try to open a puzzle, it force-closes. Am I the only one with the issue? Stock Android 4.3 on Nexus 4. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41462:	   As many others have stated, it has stopped downloading some puzzles (people magazine) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41463:	   Latest update a step backwards. Will not zoom beyond GS4 screen size. Will not download Scheffer and Joseph's crosswords. GUI looks better, BUT app is now worse. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41464:	   The app has stopped working...it will download puzzles...but the app itself won't open...even after uninstalling and reinstalling...any suggestions 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41465:	   Loved this app very helpful but now it doesn't download all of the puzzles listed. Need help 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41466:	   I like the sheffer and joseph puzzles the best and I can no longer get them. I loved this app. Now I am thinking about uninstalling. Please fix this and change my mind. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41468:	   I used this app for a long time but now it no longer opens. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still doesn't work. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41474:	   I love this app, but the system has stopped downloading joseph and scheffer puzzles. Any reason why? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41478:	   I love this app! Not downloading sheffer or Joseph puzzles. When fixed will 5 star again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41479:	   I have been using this app for almost two years. It gives me my morning fix with coffee. Unfortunately Thomas Joseph and sheffers do not download daily anymore. Will rate five stars once that is corrected. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41481:	   Suddenly stopped working. Now only downloads three puzzles. What happened? Was five star, now worthless. Appears to no longer be supported. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41482:	   Where did sheffer puzzles go? Won't download them now on my galaxy s3. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41483:	   Since last week I cannot download Joseph or Scheffer puzzles, and they're my favorites. What gives..? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41484:	   As others have stated, app suddenly stopped downloading certain puzzles. Options are limited now making this app sucky.. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41485:	   Hassle free app. Never a problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41486:	   Great app until a week ago. If you haven't already done so, please send a debug report via the menu in the app to let the developer know about the issue and state a much relevant info as you can. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41489:	   As of 7/3/2013 will not download all of the daily puzzles I have checked in settings. Will also not download some of the weekly puzzles checked in settings . Have used this app for quite some time and I have never had this problem before. Please fix if possible. Would give 5 stars but only 3 since this latest problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41491:	   I love the app, but right now it's having issues where it zooms out whenever it wants. Pls fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41492:	   I've used this app for a long time and recently it stopped downloading my puzzles. What happened? I love this app!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41494:	   This was a great app until the zoom bug creeped in. However, it is open source and another developer had forked out a version that fixes it: Words With Crosses. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41497:	   This is, without a doubt, the best crossword app on the market. The only problem is that, as of today, Sheffer & Joseph puzzles stopped downloading and, for a few months now, Newsday stopped downloading. This limits the daily downloads (on most days) to Universal, LA Times and USA Today. 3 puzzles is great, but what happened to the rest..? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41500:	   It flipps over to horizontal orientation waaaaayyyy to easily and zooms all the way out. Very annoying. I can't get the clues to move to the next numerical clue like it used to. Less annoying but still annoying. Otherwise excellent app!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41504:	   I love this app except this new update makes the error hints not work. :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41507:	   I have used this app for about a year and now all of a sudden it will not open. I am addicted to crosswords and this app was my favorite until yesterday 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41508:	   I like that you can download puzzles daily, but I have an issue with my galaxy s3 where the board gets distorted when I try to navigate from clue to clue. It gets annoying, but at least it it's a lot faster now to exit the puzzle and come back in. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41511:	   I love the great selection of puzzles, but if I accidentally turn my S4 sideways to landscape mode it shrinks the puzzle and going back to portrait doesn't resize it. Hard to then resize it. Fix that and I'll give it 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41512:	   I just got a new HTC with boost mobile and the puzzles won't work anymore. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41513:	   Can no longer launch the app normally. It immediately crashes every time I click the icon, but the puzzles still download and if I click the notification for a puzzle it will launch. Also zoom bug is annoying 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41516:	   It's fallen out of support though! No more newsday :-( bugs still persistent etc 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41519:	   Great, simple app for crosswords but the most recent update causes the app to crash and not be able to be opened. Also has had some zoom issues in the past 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41520:	   Used to be great now all it does is crash on opening. HTC phone on 4.0.4 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41521:	   Would love this if I could check my answers. There is a place on menu but it is not highlighted so I can't click on it. Please fix or advise. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41522:	   Really loved this app before but all of a sudden it stated crashing & will no longer let me even open the app! Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41526:	   Newsday puzzles, including the Saturday stumpers, stopped downloading recently. I don't know if the developer is still keeping this app up to date, but would be curious to know what's happening. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41532:	  Love this app Never without a puzzle. To solve the problem of the minimizing puzzle, close the app and clear the RAM in the task manager 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41534:	   Disappointed that my favorite puzzles aren't loading anymore. What happened to Newsday? It's was there last week, now it's gone! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41535:	   Keeps zooming out when I tap the screen! Ain't nobody got eyes for that! Please fix! :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41537:	   Great app! Tons of sources that actually have difficult puzzles. And the show errors means I actually finish the really difficult ones. :-) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41540:	   I loved this up on my old phone until I had to uninstall it due to memory issues. I immediately got it again when I got a new phone. Now some of my favorite weekly puzzles won't download (ink well, onion av club, etc.) I understand that the onion av club puzzle may no longer be available, but if that's the case it should be removed as an option on the app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41541:	   With the latest update, the app does nothing more than immediately crash on my Motorola Electrify M (jelly bean). Even tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail. Super depressing since this is one of my favorites. =( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41547:	   Love this app. Definitely tops all the free crossword apps I've tried. But only gets 4 stars because it periodically goes into a state of nonresponse and will not work at all. I have uninstalled 3 times today alone. But it still isn't working :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41549:	   I've had this app for a couple of months was working perfectly until maybe 2 weeks ago. Whenever I try to open the app I get the message. Shortyz has stopped working then crashes 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41551:	   Was, IMHO, the best crossword app available. But after sending several crash reports for force close with no fix, I'm deleting. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41553:	   Used to be tolerable despite constant issues with zooming out unexpectedly, now out has decided there is insufficient storage space on my USB drive (which has 2GB free.) Here's hoping I find a better crossword app :-( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41560:	   App has crashed every time I've opened it since yesterday. Reboots and clearing cache do not help. App had been great till yesterday. Sent a few crash reports. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41561:	   Just got a Samsung GS3 and whenever I press a key in the puzzle, the back button in the top left gets highlighted & I can no longer use enter to move to the next clue. I love doing crosswords but I guess I will have to wait for the next update to see if it gets fixed before I play again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41562:	   This is a great app for crosswords, but I constantly get an issue where the crossword board zooms out to the point where it's unreadable. If I zoom in, any button tap will zoom it out right away. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41564:	   This app used to be my everyday time-killer. But since I've installed the latest update, it force closes on me every single time I open it, without fail. I've tried turning off auto downloads, as well as auto updates, but nothing seems to help. Please fix my favorite app!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41565:	   Crashes when I open the app. HTC one s with latest os. My favourite app, but can't use anymore. Tried reinstalling as well, but no luck 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41568:	   Best crossword app. Never had any issues, dev really must love what he does. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41569:	   Used to be good, but crashes when scrolling in puzzle selection screen since last update many months ago (on Motorola Xoom). Also could be improved by making next entry jump to an EMPTY cell when a word is completed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41571:	   I love this app, but since I switched to the HTC one V it won't work because the phone doesn't use an SD card. SO sad! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41576:	   On my Captivate this game was great but on my Xperia it keeps on adding the letter P onto blanks and causing problems even completing boards. Still getting Ps randomly. Any updates coming? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41577:	   By far the best crossword game out there for android. I've been a very contempt user of this game for the better part if the last three years and have never had an issue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41579:	   I love the puzzles but as of today I am forced to do the puzzles zoomed out. This makes reading the puzzle very difficult. When fixed I will give 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41580:	   Played once and now it crashes on launch. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41581:	   I can't even start this app. I have tried numerous ideas, which helped slightly, but now the app doesn't open at all. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41587:	   it is a great app for crosswords and i love it..it fetches crosswords some good sources... but it crashes often on puzzle auto download when some crossword changes something.. and this hasnt been fixed for ages..invalid crosswords should be handled properly.. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41590:	   This used to be my favorite app until the last update. Now any time I click to begin answering a clue it zooms out so small it can't be played. Please fix, uninstalling until then 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41591:	   Cannot play due to zoom bug 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41592:	   I hate to complain about a free app, but I am so disappointed in what was once a great app. The zoom will not work properly, even after installing and reinstalling. Plus, I use to like the wrong letter hint (the wrong letter turned color), but it's gone now. I'm not going to reinstall this. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41595:	   I used this application everyday on my old Moto Droid 2; but the app doesn't work correctly on the Galaxy S 2 that I just upgraded to (zoom broken and clues disappear when I pull the keyboard out). Hope this gets fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41600:	   Unfortunately this app has become unusable recently due to an issue with the zoom function. It will not stay zoomed in when working on a puzzle. Moving the cursor will reset the zoom, making the text too small. Please fix the zoom! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41601:	   What happened?? I get a screen that says it can't find my SD card and then requests a donation 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41606:	   Same issue as previous comment: problems with zoom feature. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41609:	   Only occasionally functions; most often it crashes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41610:	   app crashes every time its set to sort by source. have to clear cache and data to restore access or remove/reinstall app. minor annoyance, but otherwise a good app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41617:	   I can't gush enough about this app. There's one minor bug that doesn't affect play. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41618:	   Loved this app, but now the puzzles are constantly zooming out. Fix this asap please!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41622:	   Too bad about the zoom problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41625:	   Love the puzzles. However always zoomed out makes it too hard too see clues and letters. Also orientation will not fix at portrait. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41627:	   Best crossword ap ever. Five stars for sure.....but please fix the zoom bug! I have had to uninstall and reinstall countless times now because the puzzles become too small to view 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41628:	   The zoom feature is the only downside to this app. It really needs to be fixed. Constantly zooms out so you are unable to see the letters you have typed in. Very annoying. Love the app but I cannot deal with this. Moving on to another one. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41629:	   The first phone I installed this crossword app on had problems-- the grid would shrink when it was not supposed to, and the only cure was to reload to when that happened. Once I upgraded to a Samsung Note, no more trouble-- except that a couple of individual puzzles did not work properly, or the wrong grid would appear for a given puzzle... otherwise it's provided countless hours of rich, stimulating intellectual challenge. Thank you ever so much! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41630:	  When I try to scroll down it stops and closes. Reported it twice but still not fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41631:	   I really like how you can download new content every day direct from newspapers. There seems to be a bug with the way it zooms sometimes, and I wish there were more options for the cleanup. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41632:	   I read about an odd zoom issue before I downloaded the app. ...the app is awesome. UNTIL... I experienced the issue. Ugh. It makes the app unusable. Bummed 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41641:	   Awesome puzzles, but the pink boxes are VERY discouraging. Who cares if I didn't get that word right on the first try? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41643:	   this app really quenched my crosswords needs. daily crosswords are a plus! great app! doesnt work with jellybean update tho. continues to crash. will download again if fixed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41645:	   This app continually crashes when trying to scroll down to access a puzzle from a previous day. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41646:	   Except a few minor bugs like screen skewing sometimes it works pretty well. Good database of puzzles. Does not cost a dime. My wife and I solve together and love it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41647:	   One of the best crossword apps I've ever used. The only problem I've encountered is that sometimes the clues I fill in stop getting saved and everytime I exit the app, all the filled slots wipe off clean n I have to start over. Do fix the problem please 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41649:	   I love this App. I use it daily. I have tried others and they just don't work as well as this app does. You can't go wrong with this one. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41650:	   I thought this app was perfect until People stopped downloading. Also, why is People never available when you try to download it from different dates? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41652:	   I can't believe this is FREE - THANK YOU SHORTYZ! Puzzles 4 all levels of crossworder's & LOTS 2 choose from! I do @ LEAST 1 a day (but usually many more). The ONLY thing I would change, but it's not a huge deal, would be what the other raters mentioned; an easier way to move around puzzle. But that small issue certainly hasn't taken away from my enjoyment in the least. I rarely rate apps but I just had 2 share my joy & thankfulness 4 this one. I tell everyone I know 2 upload this app! Awesome 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41653:	   Great app but since I upgraded my phone to the galaxy s3, I've been having multiple issues with the zoom. Every time I try to zoom in, it actually zooms out. I have to restart the app just to get it to work right. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41654:	   App work fine for several uses on my Photon Q. Now the puzzle is tiny- cant get the zoom function to work or figure out other ways to solve the issue. It's not worth playing until this is fixed. Just a guess but it's probably the slide-out keyboard that's the issue. Devs may want to start looking there. Other than that, it's a decent app- free crosswords (though the first one I started didnt have the solution). 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41660:	   I have had this app forever and absolutely love it; however, every now and then it fails to launch and I have to wait a few days to see if it works again. I have had this happen several times over the course of using it. I'm hoping this issue can be remedied soon because I do enjoy using this app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41663:	  For a day or two, works well; then begins dropping answers when phone is rotated or program is closed. Reinstall fixes for a day or two only. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41664:	   Have also seen the shrinking puzzle issue. Enjoyed thoroughly prior to app becoming unusable. Wipes and reloads not resolving issue. Please fix. This is a five star program not getting the attention it deserves. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41665:	   Puzzles randomly zoomed way out and I tried everything to zoom back in, but to no avail. This made the app literally unplayable. If this were fixed though, this would be a great app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41666:	   It has some very serious zoom in issues that I'm sure the most inept intern could reprogram. Double tap zoom is broken and if the program is left for whatever reason.. it comes back way to small to use. Galaxy s3. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41667:	   Its formatting doesn't work with my s3.. don't know why. Every time I go to a different word it minimizes to a tiny size. So frustrating! Delete! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41676:	   Unfortunately, this app now no longer works. Have reinstalled it a bunch of times but the problem remains- before the app even opens it crashes and i get a ''Shortyz has stopped working'' message. It's been like this now for over 4 months. :_( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41684:	   I love this app and use it every day! My only problems are the new York times classic puzzle (it's been the same for me every week) and the sometimes wonky sizing. And I'm gonna miss the AV club, but that's not your fault :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41685:	   Loved this game, now difficult to play due to zooming out on its own, setting changes don't fix it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41687:	   This app was terrific while i was on 3.0 but has serious display issues on JB. it will randomly redisplay with everything twisted at a 45 angle at frequent intervals. now frustrating and unusable. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41688:	   My letters that I enter won't save anymore!! This is the first time this has happened. This is my favorite app!! Please fix it!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41691:	   Please fix the people's 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41692:	   I now get the occasional zoom problem that others have described, where the puzzle shrinks to an unreadable size whenever you enter a letter. I've found no alternative to uninstalling and reinstalling. It's such a wonderful app that it's worth doing this from time to time. But it would be so nice if it got fixed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41693:	   Mostly works amazingly though very suddenly every button I hit shrinks the puzzle to its smallest; making it basically too small to play and there is no stretching it out. Offer me some troubleshooting options or fix this and you'll get your stars back. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41695:	   This was my favorite app...had it for years. But now it won't load. Please address. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41699:	  Agree with others . Worked good til update? Now so small can't see. Good otherwise. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41701:	   great app but there's some issue with the zoom. can't touch the puzzle to move from clue to clue, it just keeps making the puzzle incredibly small. app needs an update. like for real. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41702:	   This was my fave app but then after an update, it would no longer highlight wrong ketters and just keep going, even after setting the option. So if I type ytx for a clue, wud show as rite. Also, washington post doesnt download anymore. Please fix! :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41706:	   Only problem is that there are now zoom issues. I can deal with then for the most part, except for the fact that the clues no longer display on screen. Perhaps its because I updated my phone to ics (htc mt4gs), though. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41709:	   Great on my tablet, but doesn't work worth a dick on my GS3. Interface is horrible on phones. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41710:	   I've downloaded and paid for a lot of crossword apps for various PDAs and smartphones. Shortyz does a great job and kebernet stays on top of new developments. It was already a good app on an Android phone, but on the XOOM tablet, it's a beaut. The download feature makes getting my daily fix a breeze. Great Job! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41711:	   Obviously the best crossword app for ios or android but has unexpectedly stopped working. Bug fix please? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41712:	   This app is awesome. Easy to open and go straight to playing. The only real issue I have is a major one because it basically makes the puzzles unplayable. Randomly the puzzles will decide to shrink to their smallest size on the screen and despite many attempts to return them to a visible size, they insist on shrinking back down when I try to enter a letter. Please fix this error, it looks like people have been complaining about this for a while. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41713:	   It was amazing, after the update you can't use it the cross word map is 1 inch by 1 inch please fix!!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41716:	   Love the app but the zooming issues are horrible! All of a sudden my crossword is so small I can't see anything and I can't get it to zoom in. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41717:	   Loved the app until the last update. The zooming issues are killing me! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41722:	   the availability of crosswords and ffeatures make this one of the best free crossword as apps. problem its the screen automatically zooms out when I move my phone, then is difficult to get it to zoom back in. I'm using a Galaxy S3 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41724:	   Because of an Android crash, I had to re-download and -install Shortyz. I'd been using it for over a year, and LOVED it. However, the new version doesn't follow the Setup option regarding "hints" (meaning turning wrong letters red). It doesn't any more. Before, I would have given it a 5; now, 3 is the highest I can do. Oh - and I've also uninstalled it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41727:	   11/16/2012 Still waiting for response on Merle Reagle puzzle.. got to take it down to 2 stars :( Droid Razor Great app, but not completely stable. Never was into crosswords until this app came along. :) Lately Merle Reagle (Philadelphia Inquirer) puzzles are very sketchy to download and disappear after just a day or two. Favorite puzzle- Please fix! J 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41737:	   I used to love this app but it stopped downloading new puzzles. I can't get it to start back up. Samsung Galaxy SII. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41742:	   Was searching for replmnt prog, planning to delete my fav ap re. pnk blocks.Then I see there is an updt. Keeping for now. If not broke dnt fix it. Thx 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41745:	   Does not work for the Nexus S with JellyBean. Just force closes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41749:	   Never had a problem with this app in over a year. It's good for begginers that are looking to gain knowledge because of its ability to reveal a single letter to a complete word if you are stuck. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41751:	   The platform itself, as a way to download, render, solve, and save crossword puzzle files, is great. However, if only a few bug fixes were made it would be totally awesome: 1) Arrow keys and space bar don't work as expected on Asus Transformer keyboard. 2) Corrupt puzzle files cause the app to crash when scrolling down the stored puzzle files. Fix these and it will rock!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41755:	   It is a good crossword puzzle app but it has some UI related issues that keep it from being great. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41757:	   Why does this problem keep coming back?! Every time I press a letter, the puzzle shrinks so small I can't read it. 5 stars when working, but only 1 when not. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41763:	   Fantastic app, always works for me. However, some puzzles include numerals in the answers but it won't allow me to enter them even with native keyboard enabled. Would really appreciate a fix for this. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41764:	   It has taken to resizing very small in the corner No matter what, it won't resize Even tried reinstalling Please fix 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41767:	   I loved this app until it quit allowing me to download new puzzles. The clean up doesn't work and now puzzles no longer load when I start the app or manually download them. It also no longer saves progress if I take a break in the middle of a puzzle. When this is fixed it will be a 5 star. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41772:	   Was excellent when it worked, but now constantly crashes on launch or when scrolling through list of puzzles, even after full wipe/reinstall. Virtually unplayable; desperately needs some attention. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41775:	   Update this! More than one person has said this app has an issue on JB. Fix it so us on JB can enjoy it again. I used this app DAILY and now I can't. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41777:	   The first version of this app worked perfectly. Since I had to reset my ASUS tablet I downloaded what I thought was the same app. This one has many problems. Too many to list. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41778:	   The program worked fine, but now I am on jelly bean and it crashes immediately after opening. A forced close. I can't play this app anymore. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41779:	   Great app, rendered useless at times due to the view getting skewed. Please fix! This app will be 5 stars all day long once this is fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41784:	   About 5-10 minutes into the puzzle, the puzzle zooms out and i cant read it. I zoom back in, but it goes out after clicking the puzzle. The problem corrects after uninstalling/reinstalling, but resurfaces before i can finish my first puzzle. Uninstalling for good. (On Samsung Galaxy S III) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41789:	   Zoom issues have been going on for a while now. I don't want to give up on the app but I'm getting very annoyed by the shrinking screen in the middle of my game! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41790:	   Who'd give it a 5 star but a few bugs need to be fixed, favorite puzzle! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41791:	   If you like doing crosswords in the newspaper while riding the NY Subway, this is a great app for your phone or ipad. I always think I will run out of puzzles to do but they always have new ones to download everyday. Simple, easy to use. Very sedomly has minor kinks, like a puzzle not syncing all the way but I will deal with it because this app is awesome. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41794:	   Great app but has some issues. For some reason the larger format puzzles stopped downloading and NY Times Classic puzzle has been the same puzzle for the last 3 weeks in a row. I'm not sure whether those are app or puzzle provider issues. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41797:	   Awesome app, and I use it all the time. But lately, on certain puzzles, when I use the arrow keys on he nexus keyboard, the puzzle gets skewed and I have to back out and restart. Fix for 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41802:	   Most annoying; problem continues to occur after reinstalling app. Really enjoyed the puzzle variety! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41803:	   Please fix the zoom issues. Other than that, great app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41805:	   It was great until they updated it and ruined it with the zooming issue. Please fix it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41806:	   For me, this is the best in structure. But I have not used it for months because the puzzles I like don't download. If the Washington Post doesn't download, then remove it from the list. Just a kindness for your users. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41807:	   ... I also have the zoom issue. I cannot play it on my Galaxy 3 because each time I click on the puzzle, it zooms out and becomes illegible. Can't figure out how to fix it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41808:	   Had this app on my old phone and it was Great! Now on my new galaxy S3 I can't get it to stay full-size. Can't read thumb nail. Have reinstalled but same issue. Am I missing something? Can't locate/access my "default" settings either. Is it me or this . app? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41816:	   On my galaxy nexus I get a weird bug where the whole puzzle slants 45 to the right. Makes things unclickable. It's unfortunate because I used to love solving puzzles on my morning train ride. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41818:	   Swype Beta keyboard I installed on my Galaxy S3 doesn't work and the other keyboard options don't have an enter button to go to the next clue. Even with the default keyboard on sometimes back button in the top left highlights and the enter button gets stuck and won't go to the next clue. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41823:	   This was one of my favorite apps but the zoom has completely ruined it! Please fix it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41825:	   Lately it's been taking too long for all the puzzles to load and until all of then do, I can't access any of them on the list. Bummer. 2 stars until that changes. Galaxy X 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41827:	   Love this up used it all the time on my comet, got a samsung exhibit and it wont download the washington post, everything else is fine any way to fix? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41830:	   This was a great program till the last update. Now it won't complete Xwords, won't download new ones, and won't archive or clean up. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app to get it to work. So updating review to four stars because it's mostly an excellent app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41838:	   I've been using this app for quite a while without problems, but recently it has started skewing the puzzles on a diagonal in the middle of a game. If I close and reopen, it is straight, but then goes diagonal again after about a minute. It started right after I upgraded to Jelly Bean, perhaps it's a compatibility issue? Galaxy Nexus 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41839:	   Washington Post stopped downloading. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41840:	   A lot of the settings don't work. Too bad or it would be a great app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41841:	   I love this app. My only issue is the zoom problem. Otherwise, great for puzzlers of all different levels 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41844:	   Great app until the puzzles started zooming out at any tap of the screen, and no matter how much I mess with the settings I can't fix it. So frustrating, awesome crossword app otherwise. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41845:	   Like the app a lot but the zoom is an issue. When downloading puzzles from previous weeks its a major issue because the days months years will act like they lag but they never catch up. I think it'd be nice if we could select our favorite puzzles and be able to select two dates and be able to download all of those puzzles instead of doing it manually. Lastly, its STUCK on downloading one puzzle! I have turned my phone off, etc.. its still stuck! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41849:	   Gives me my crossword fix whenever i want. Large variety of papers to choose from with puzzle downloads as an option. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41850:	   Sony Tablet S Great selection of daily puzzles that automatically update, but app keeps resizing the puzzle board each and every time I move to a new square, shrinking it to the top left of the screen. Practically unusable in this state so hopefully future updates will address this bug. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41851:	   Tons of fun, I enjoy it immensely. But People's puzzle doesn't work correctly. Fix that & you'll get the 5th star! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41852:	   Never crashes, has great puzzles and I like that you can check for errors or turn that function off. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41854:	   Loved this app and played almost daily but I cant even open it lately. When I do, I have to shut down my whole phone because just hitting the force close button doesn't work. Uninstalling. Will try back later to see if they got all the kinks worked out. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41855:	   Nexus s user here...ever since my phone upgraded to jellybean this app no longer works. Says it stopped working :( I loved this app too and other ones out there suck 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41863:	   Now my phone won't stop downloading puzzles even after I deleted/removed the app. Hate this app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41864:	   It is great in terms of updating puzzles everyday and value for a free app. However, the error and zoom functions need to be drastically improved as they screw up quite often resulting in me giving up on the app more often than not 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41867:	   I have had to reinstall 5 times. After 3 or so puzzles I complete the puzzle shrinks to tiny every time I touch the screen....please help or fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41868:	   I too had the sizing problem mentioned by Sarah. I have uninstalled now and will reinstall once this is fixed. SPH-D710 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41873:	    feature still doesn't work. It makes the app unusable. I'm using a galaxy S II 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41877:	   Sometimes having an older version of Android is a good thing. Not having any of the problems I'm reading about here, thankfully, except that the Washington Post puzzle doesn't DL anymore as a few have also reported. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41879:	   I've had this app for years on other phones but I am also having the zooming problem and it has made it almost unplayable. Going to have look elsewhere. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41881:	   Suddenly started shrinking the puzzle grid whenever you click on it. I have a 7" Galaxy tab with ICS. Please fix or I will be forced to delete it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41883:	   I've happily used this program for years, but now I can't download new puzzles. Since I got my new phone and installed the app it downloaded a batch of games that day but now it does nothing when I click download, no matter what date I pick. HTC one s. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41884:	   I love this app. I use it pretty much every day on my commute. However, recently the Washington Post puzzles stopped downloading. Did something change? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41890:	   Used to use this app non stop. Now it crashes as soon as I try to open it. Have reinstalled repeatedly but it keeps crashing. #fail 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41892:	   This used to be one of my favourite apps on Samsung Note. But now the grid has shrunk to about a third the size of the screen so it's unplayable. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41897:	   Loved it, but the hints no longer work. Doesn't matter if I turn on the pink boxes or not, it simply doesn't work :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41900:	   Love this app, and the creator is always quick to fix issues, so be patient if there's a bug! Love that it's so customizable too. But for some reason, my favorite puzzle won't download: Washington Post, where ARE you?! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41901:	   Sometimes the errors do not show in all puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41904:	   Sort by source = force close at each startup. App completely unusable even after reinstall. Best crossword app for 2+ years, but has been broken for weeks now. 5* once this is fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41906:	   Some update or something made it stop working completely. Before that, 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41908:	   Used to use this app so much but since jellybean update has had numerous issues (skewed puzzle for one) and now doesn't even start so had to uninstall completely. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41914:	   Boston globe puzzles don't load. Setting don't change when toggled. But great puzzle power! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41917:	   Saying goodbye. This used to be a great app, but now it sucks. Still force closing. I cant even scroll down to earlier and not started puzzles without it crashing. I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app and got the same response. Reported this on the crash feedback and got no response from the developer. (Earlier review follows) Was a five star, now a two due to the constant force close/crash. Very annoying. Please fix or sadly I will have to say good bye. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41921:	   Do not use if english or you don't live in America. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41923:	   Essentail app on my phone but most recent updates zoom issues make it unuseable 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41924:	   Used to love this app but the zoom issues are killing me! Please fix!!!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41925:	   Completely stopped working on my Nexus S, jellybean. Closes as soon as I open. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41928:	    when downloading "jonesin" puzzles (which are my favorite) . 5 stars if fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41929:	   ...most recent update with jellybean causes text to skew, infuriating and unplayable like this. Hoping next update resolves this issue because I'm getting withdrawals! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41931:	   I've been hooked on crossword puzzles since I was a kid. Shortyz gives me my puzzle fix every day. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41932:	   It gives good crossword puzzles with solutions daily, and offers cryptic crosswords (less functional but still a nice addition). Bug free, and easy to use 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41936:	   The zoom feature doesn't work so well any more. No matter what I try it will always return back to being fully zoomed out. So frustrating cuz now the text is to small to see. Loved the app until the latest update, when the zooming issue began 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41945:	   Doesn't work on jellybean just says "unfortunatly app has stopped" 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41948:	   Is a great apparently but please fix the zoom and sizing issues...to hard to read with my eyes and constantly fighting to zoom and resize. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41949:	   Nice time killer app. Still has zooming issues and problems with People magazine puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41953:	   What's with the zoom issue all of a sudden? The app was awesome but suddenly I can't make the puzzle stay full screen for anything. I can't stand trying to play on a puzzle that isn't even a quarter of the size of my phone screen. Please fix this! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41954:	   This is the crossword app I'm willing to pay for. Latest update made puzzle shrink uncontrollably but reinstalling fixed it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41959:	   It was awesome until it stopped working. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41961:	   This has been my favorite puzzle app for awhile. The minor issues it had did not affect play. Unfortunately, I just installed the latest update. The new interface sucks. Moving the clues to the bottom of the page takes up puzzle space. Watching the letters show up as I type is extremely distracting. I looked for an option to put the clues back where they were, but couldn't find one. If that is changed I will use the app again. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41965:	   Overall, I really like this app. It does download several puzzles a day, but there are options to change that in the settings menu. I am also having the zoom issue after I tilt the phone. I have to click the back button on my phone over and over until the app finally closes. Restarting the app usually makes that issue stop, however when it does happen it is genuinely annoying. Still, it's a great free app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41966:	   Thanks for fixing the flicker issue. Now the app is perfect! If you still get flicker, try force restarting the app or restarting your phone/tablet 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41967:	   Zoom issues just make it frustrating. It used to be great...but suddenly every time I touch the screen it zooms to unusable tiny size. Please fix! Then 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41978:	   Last update makes less room for puzzle grid by showing more clues at one time. Liked it better before. Options for viewing would be great. Also can't download nytimes even with paid subscription. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41986:	  It doesn't zoom anymore. Please fix, then I'll give 5 stars 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#41988:	   This does not run on my stock Nexus Galaxy with Jellybean. As soon as I launch it, it dies. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42003:	   When the app first launches it isn't downloading or installing spyware. Those are the crossword puzzles being downloaded from a number of places all at once. Calm down. That said, I can't get this to run anymore on my rooted and ROMd Galaxy Nexus. Which is a shame. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42009:	   The most recent update completely killed it with the zooming issues. I'm not giving up hope, just hoping for the next update to fix it. As it sits now it's currently unplayable with this issue. Prior to this update it was hands down the best crossword app on the market. One star since the last update, but before that a easy 5. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42011:	   Cannot download NY Times puzzles even WITH a subscriptions. WTF? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42012:	   I've been using this app for several months now and have never had a problem with it. Fast working app with quick downloads of new crosswords, easy cleanup and can even tailor which publications you want your crosswords from. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42014:	   The author of the app has put a lot of effort into ironing out bugs on all devices, and he continues to improve it. The app itself is well-built and will download several new puzzles every day, of a variety of difficulty levels. No setup required! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42015:	   I love the main app but am currently frustrated by the zoom issue. Didn't have spam issues as one reviewer reported. Just a great variety of puzzles each day. Please fix zoom. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42016:	   This used to be a really great app but with the recent updates it just doesn't work well anymore. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42019:	   Great app. I've never had an issue with it. Thanks, dev, for all the hard work! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42021:	   s continue to be a problem. The puzzle starts out in a fit-to-screen setting and doesn't always hold the zoom if you try to enlarge the puzzle. In fact, when you are in a zoom and try to select a word, it zooms out and throws the puzzle up into the left corner of the screen only showing the bottom right quarter of the puzzle. What's worse is you can't move the puzzle once this happens. This is very annoying and needs to be fixed. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42024:	   Love this app. Never had a problem with it. Enjoy all the options. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42030:	   Very good interface & selection of puzzles but has frozen on my Galaxy S3 several times in middle of a puzzle. Grid lines go from sharp to wide and I can't move around the grid. Can only input on current word. Can toggle between grid & clues but still can't move around grid. Eventually gone add back to normal. Exit & return doesn't help. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42032:	   But needs an update for jellybean...getting a crazy skewed screen randomly...update introduces download bug...horrible now fitness 7, please fix asap as the app is now unusable 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42037:	   I love shortyz and hope this is a temporary problem~ I just unboxed my nexus 7. I can not download new york times crosswords on it even though I am a premium crosswords subscriber and they are downloading on my other devices. This is my first look at the jellybean update, and I prefer the clues at the top of the screen like in 3.1.5. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42039:	   I am adding my voice to the chorus regarding NYT puzzles no longer downloading. I am another NYT subscriber who has been using this app for well over a year. For some reason, I can no longer download the NYT puzzles. Please fix what used to be a truly great app! (Previous rating was 5 stars.) Amendment: I think I wrongly blamed Shortyz; change seems to be with the NYT. Restoring 5 star rating. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42046:	   I've been using this app for over a year, and all of a sudden, the NYT Crossword doesn't load. It says that it's downloading, but it doesn't actually load it onto the list. It's a great app, but this is a major problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42051:	   Much fun, never crashes. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42052:	  It doesn't feed the NYT crosswords anymore!! I am a subscriber and have inputted my name and password. It worked at 1st but not anymore. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42058:	   Was my all-time faviorite. Used it many hours a day, but now too awkward - it's useless! Please bring back clues at top with large puzzle area as before. I really miss this app. Will update back to 5 starsvwhen fixed. Gtab 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42059:	   Great app. No problems found. Like that it downloads several different levels daily. Easy ones for a quick fix and others that make you think. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42064:	   Just downloaded app & really like it but was frustrated initially trying to figure out how to change direction from Across to Down. Was about to give up on it & uninstall when I accidentally stumbled on the solution to the problem. So now I love it but needs some detailed instructions which I was unable to find. Please fix for other new users. Thank you! Mary 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42069:	   The app is excellent, I have absolutely no complaints at all. The only downside is that since the app is free, I can't find a single place to donate! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42079:	   Droid Razr ICS, latest update makes puzzle zoom way out whenever I tap anything. Double-tapping will zoom back in normally, but any tap after will zoom right back out. Puzzle is illegible, please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42088:	   Can't get enough! These are fabulous! Thanks for such a great collection! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42095:	   Please bring back clues in the top bar for the other 3 stars. I love this app, but can't use it until you update this. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42106:	   I love this appi! Ive been using this for the last couple of years. I have not had any problems with it. Every day there are lots of new crosswords for all levels. There have been some updates although i never thought it really required them. The only appi i still use regularly for entertainment. Thanks! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42109:	   Thanks for the jb fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42113:	   Latest update fixed all my issues with Nexus 7 and uses the tablet style portrait view which is great! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42120:	   It was working fine and I liked the variety - but then somehow the puzzle would shrink whenever I touched a cell and I could not get it to stop. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42124:	   I dunno if its just a JB problem, but this app is seriously buggy. If you have hardware acceleration on, the whole puzzle skews 45 degrees to the right as soon as you press anything. With it off, the puzzle are tiny (about 1/4 of the available space). Would also be nice to have an option to use the system keyboard 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42128:	   My favorite ones are not being downloaded at all making this app pretty useless. Please fix it I really loved this app on my other device 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42133:	   On my Nexus 7 I am only able to download a three of the crosswords. I miss being able to do Universal Crosswords... please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42135:	   I love crossword puzzles and tried numerous apps. Some good, some bad, but none as feature filled and easy to use as this fantastic app. Be aware I upgraded to jelly bean today and have begun having an issue with the grid screen skewing to where the app is unusable but a restart or using the clue list allows me to continue using app. Truly worthy of the 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42144:	   It keeps crashing every time I open it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42147:	   I love doing crosswords during my lunch breaks. Thanks to shortyz, I don't have to bring a big book! My only complaint: sometimes when selecting a square, the zoom spazzes out, making the whole puzzle black. A long tap to reset zoom fixes it, but not until after it calms down. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42150:	   I absolutely love this app. I play this on my Galaxy S III and Xoom. I have playing this app for what has probably been a year now and unfortunately can still not download or find the corrections for People Magazine. This is really unfortunate as it usually trends to be my favorite. Joseph's is close second tho. I hope to see People magazine fixed someday, as that would make this app 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42160:	   This game wouldn't open on my Android smartphone. DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42162:	   Works again after a day of crashing. Love this app ! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42164:	   This is, by far, the best crossword app I have ever found on the Google Play Store. Anytime that I have had issues in-app, I emailed the author and received a fix back within the hour. Absolutely phenomenal. Would recommend for any and all crossword enthusiasts. The large range of sources to choose from for downloads just adds to the enjoyment. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42165:	   Gives lots of crosswords. Never have had any problem with it.Deserves 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42166:	  Can't get new puzzles after update 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42172:	   THIS APP SUCKS! IT DOESN'T OPEN AND FROZE MY PHONE 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42175:	   One of my favorite apps. Simple, and does exactly what it says. Occasional resizing issues, but that's a minor irritation. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42176:	   The app is not working properly. You can enter any letter in any boxes and it won't be marked as an error. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42178:	   Keeps freaking force closing for 1 week now. Fix. Fix. Fix. DROIDX 2. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42192:	   I liked this app until I tried to open it one day after I downloaded it. The app wouldn't open and just showed a black screen. It didn't fix even when I uninstalled and reinstalled it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42193:	   App stopped working on Droid. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42194:	   Love this App. All the big daily crosswords. Never a problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42198:	  Massive input errors 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42207:	   I have used shortyz for two years almost now to do my favorite crosswords, but since the last update and reinstalling the settings no longer work. I cannot get highlighted clues, I cannot turn off download notifications and puzzles download automatically no matter what. Very disappointed that an almost prefer app has gone to the dogs.... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42208:	   This has become a favorite for me. It's good word fun and I have yet to have any issues whatsoever. Also, it's free! (Epic 4G) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42219:	   I love this app. Have been having some trouble with my galaxy note adding the letter p after every letter i entered. Never had this problem on other phones... Will uninstall and reinstall. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42223:	  Doesnt even open for me keeps force closing if that's fixed will try it again maybe rate higher . 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42227:	   just downloaded. great time killer a little addictive. just don't know why  won't show errors or just disappear after i delete it. the same people mag puzzle keeps coming back with a red line. how do i make it go away? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42228:	   I love this. Gets me through time when im on journeys or waiting rooms. My only issue is the lack of UK crosswords, everything on here is American. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42235:	   Thank you thank you thank you! iPad only lets me buy puzzles I've never heard of. I spend SO MUCH TIME for free on this app. The only teensy gripe is I can't get it to post my time on FB. I use a Sharp IS03 (Japanese model.) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42239:	  Nice but buggy. Zoom doesn't work properly 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42243:	   Always works, never fails or glitches :-) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42251:	   Couldn't get it to open ever. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42256:	   It needs a little work. All of the "People" puzzles download with a red bar showing the puzzle is wrong. This is before I even work it. When finished completely & correctly, the red bar is still there! Also agree with other posts about going to next word on grid. Fix both, you get 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42262:	   Just wish we had a fix for the puzzle suddenly getting tiny with no way to get it back to full a size. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42270:	   Needs option to update even on days you don't open the program 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42276:	  @TiGrrGrrR says: OMG! I am soooo sorry! I honestly thought I had rated the game already! Again, I am SOOOO SORRY! So, as "they" say, Better Late than Never ... Here goes the rating: I have found Shortyz Crossword Game to be ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY, FABULOUSLY FANTABULOUS! As well as_ABSTOTISLY, POSOLUTELY, FANTASAMAGORICALLY, AWESOME! Without a doubt it is Totally Fantastic FUN! Please allow me to explain ... I love crosswords. Simply adore them! I was used to an app on Verizon that downloaded a new crossword everyday. One (1) & only one but that was fine by me. It was free & I could always pay $1 a month & get five (5) new puzzles a day. (No Thanks, One (1) is good enough for me, Thank You very much.) However, when I got my new T-Mobile phone & couldn't find any apps that satisfied me, even the paid ones, I was crushed. Luckily for me my Wonderful Husband found this app & all was right with the world again. Actually even better! Still free, more, many more, puzzles with more added all the time! It's endless fun! The user interface is very simple & can be edited to your own taste.tThere are other "personal" options as well as being able to reveal a letter, word or the entire puzzle. You can also choose which puzzles you want downloaded & which you don't, as well as when - when you first start the game or not. I wish I could give more stars because the Dev deserves them! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42283:	   I like to keep my mind stimulated and this app is a great way to do it. I am a little frustrated, however, because a lot of my puzzles are no longer fully downloading. I get the date and where they are from, but cannot open many of the puzzles. Please try to fix this soon. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42284:	   Doesn't work just a black screen that gives me adds 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42295:	   I got this app 2 days ago and completed all the puzzles but it hasn't downloaded any new ones! I tried everything and still no puzzles.help! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42298:	   This app installed several additional apps one right after the other. And now I cannot remove them.:-( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42300:	   I loved this game until yesterday! Now it won't open or download games. Please fix then you will be 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42302:	   Only game that always stays on my phone! I appreciate the hints because sometimes I just can't get a word - eventually I won't have the hints on but for now they are perfect. Never had any problems with the app either. Galaxy S 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42313:	   This was a very enjoyable game, but the past few weeks it has caused lock ups. I have tried uninstalling and reloading but that fails to work too. Has an update caused this? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42314:	   Grab this. Personally never had a problem on 3 devices (tablet and 2 phones) . So you don't get the NYT, big deal. Six or seven free puzzles most days. A free app that i would pay 5 bucks for, but don't tell the devs that. ;) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42317:	   This app works well, and the price can't be beat. I have only run into two minor issues. I can't turn off the wrong letter indicator, and I wish I could hide clues once I have filled in the answer. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42318:	   now it doesn't save puzzles and it won't let me delete them either.. what happened to this app? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42329:	   HTC evo 3d causes total system crash each time I open it 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42336:	    Focuses on functionality and not useless/annoying options. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42341:	   Doesn't work with the galaxy note pen 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42352:	   Was great until I downloaded on my new phone and the errors no longer show up red and the pink box option doesn't work! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42353:	   Tons of new crosswords every day, never had any issues with app. Really entertaining! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42357:	   I was never really into crosswords until I tried this app. Now I can't get enough! It automatically finds and downloads new puzzles, and then you're ready to go! Good variety of puzzles keeps it interesting. Does what it's supposed to do, and does it well. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42360:	  Was a great app but recently began crashing on my rooted Nook Color. Uninstalled. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42366:	   Awesome app, there really is none better which is why I hate it that it will crash anytime that popup comes and nothing will let me open the app.. even uninstalling 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42369:	   Great and easy to us. Only problem is that enter key only moves to next word on the same line. It won't jump to the next line forcing one to move by tapping the screen. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42370:	   Love doing these puzzles but have tried clearing the archives because my phone was running slow & when I hit the clear button it always crashed my motorola android. Very annoying. I would think that would be a bug to be fixed or it may be my phone. I installed it for a while & then reinstalled bc I can't find a better crossword puzzle app it there 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42380:	   Great app, but People Mag puzzle answers are never available. If it's fixed, definitely 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42383:	   Tons of sources. However I can't use my s pen on my galaxy note. Whenever I click it inserts random letters. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42397:	   I absolutely LOVE this app. Only problem is the People Magazine puzzles are messed up. The answers are gibberish so maybe it's a programming error? Other than that, this is hands down my favorite app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42405:	   This app is great. I have not had any issues with it and the puzzles range from easy to difficult! I would recommend it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42413:	   I love this app, but I can't use it because of the tiny clue font. Please add an option to make it bigger! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42414:	   This had been a great app but now it won't open, even after reinstall. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42415:	   This is a great crossword app in many ways, but there are two major things that prevent me from rating it higher. The first is its stability on my ASUS Transformer Prime TF201 under Ice Cream Sandwich. The app is terribly slow sometimes, even on a freshly-booted machine. It just flat-out hates the hardware keyboard on the dock; typing a word quickly results in multiple repeats of the same letter, a bug that does not occur in any other program with the keyboard. The other major issue is with the arrows (either software or hardware): Pushing one of them will, indeed, move the highlighted square, but not in a predictable or intuitive manner. Fixing these two issues would easily make it a 5-star app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42417:	   Haven't had a problem until just a few days ago. Black screen of death on opening. Puzzles appear to be dling, but nothing appears on screen.Please address this! Need my crossword fix :( 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42419:	   Every time I open this app, a black screen appears. I wait, and it crashes. Droid X 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42420:	   can't get NYTimes to download anymore. Have triple checked subscription info, uninstalled/ reinstalled but nothing works. Shame, I miss it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42429:	  Would rate better but cheat boxes not turning red. Like to know when I've made a mistake. Emailed the developer to no avail... bug still not fixed! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42431:	   nice app....cool that you can download from different sources and save it in ur phone.....The only problem is all the sources are from the US, should add more international crosswords...... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42433:	   IF the error checker/reveal buttons would work correctly! Tells me words are wrong when I know they aren't.. the 'reveal' button gives me nothing but gibberish. Its impossible to have a puzzle finished when the checker says everything is wrong. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42439:	   This app crashes my phone and takes forever to download puzzles. HTC desire Uninstall 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42441:	  It was fun, but I couldn't figure out how to use the error notifications, or how to "complete" the puzzle once I was finished? UnInstalled 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42450:	   Hmm loved this app till yesterday when it stopped dloading new puzzles and getting rid of old ones What the french 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42456:	   Love this app, use it everyday on my commute. After last update it stopped working. Force quit on open. Unfortunate, but hopefully will be back soon. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42459:	   It is a great appear, but it just stopped working after the last update. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42460:	   Loved it til the last update. Now the hint box is broken, won't work checked or unchecked in settings. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42482:	   The settings to delete unfinished puzzles does not work. It takes up memory. I have the settings on delete after two days and a week later they are still there. If not for that I would give it 5 stars. I deleted the game and reloaded it and the old games came back. This time I am deleting it for good. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42501:	   Used to work perfectly on my Droid 2. Now I can't even open it. Please fix it! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42502:	   The only app I use every day without fail. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42507:	   Puzzle size needs fixing, .0.3. great app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42515:	   Same thing here on my droid x. It updated and now won't open. This was my favorite app until then. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42517:	  Good game, wish all puzzles had the option to show errors tho. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42521:	   I have the new Razr, the puzzle from Peoples Magazine still loads with errors. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42524:	   The Scheffer puzzle doesn't download. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42529:	   5 stars last week, but stopped working a few days ago, and now keeps crashing my droid inc. Please fix, I loved this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42540:	   I want the option to see the errors again. Otherwise a good app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42545:	   Loved this app until I upgraded to ICS; now I can't load any puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42547:	  I used to be able to manipulate the size of the clues, but now I can't find this feature. Please help; the small font is giving me a headache. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42551:	   Had the best interface compared to other crossword apps but since last update the clues are small and too hard to read. The clue for word you are working on is barely readable as the font is dark grey on light grey background. If clues were fixed would be five stars for sure! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42552:	   Loved it until today, now errors don't show. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42553:	   Had it on my other phone and since I replaced it the clues are tiny and does not show errors. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42554:	   My puzzles no longer show errors when I type the wrong letter nor does it say I finished a puzzle when I do... Fix for 5 stars. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42557:	  Great app, fixed the People Magazine problem...now no complaints 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42571:	   I love this app! I have never had any problems with it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42574:	   I love this app, great time killer and amazingly addictive, but I have the Sony Ericsson x10 and when I start up the app it crashes unfortunatly 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42577:	   This app worked great until the latest update 3.1.5. When I launch the app, my Evo Shift crashes. Please fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42595:	   My fat fingers thank you for the Pink fix. Wish reveals were still pink though. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42597:	  Doesn't work w new Android update on HTC EVO. Help!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42603:	  Love it!! Thanks for creating this and making it FREE. Frequent updates to fix any bugs. One happy user. :) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42611:	   Great app! However: despite having a NYT subscription, I no longer have access to old . I can only download the current puzzle. Quite frustrating, and I can't find any mention of why this is true or how to fix it, despite also emailing about the problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42613:	   Used to love it. I hated the pink showing up. Don't give a flying **** about hiding errors it should be an option. This app is going. I won't miss it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42628:	  Would give 5 stars but I can't find "show errors" option on new update....bogus 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42631:	   No!!!!!! Just downloaded seven apps without my permission how dare it do not download! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42634:	   Did the new update now the app doesn't work! I have to forceclose. Suggestions? Fixes? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42637:	   I really thought this was the best app but that new update that penalizes you, even if you don't use reveal ruined it! Still okay, but not awesome... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42647:	   Great app, people need to grow up. If you use "show errors" you are a cheater! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42658:	   Love the new scoring system. Don't want your typo boxes marked? Play with errors hidden, like a true cruciverbalist! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42674:	   Love this app. Daily auto downloads. Good option settings. Never had a problem with this app! THANKS! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42675:	   This app is great, it downloads the best crosswords daily. The only problem is it force closes constantly. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42683:	   Installed on Toshiba Thrive tablet, works great without problems. Plenty of different puzzles to choose from, new ones added daily. If you are a crossword puzzle junkie (like me) you'll love this app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42715:	  Ever since the update the puzzles don't load correctly and won't open. Would've given 5 stars but can't use it so until fixed, 1 star. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42722:	   This is by far my most used non-browser app. Great UI, responsive, never have any problems with it. Must have for anyone who likes crosswords or who finds themselves bored for a few minutes a day. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42740:	  What happened to the "show errors" option in the latest update? I can't seem to find it anywhere! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42758:	  Great list of puzzles but I can't get it to finish the People puzzle. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42772:	   Something has happened where the app cannot download or even open new york times puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42781:	  Pretty good, bugs get fixed on time. Easy to use 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42783:	  Why doesn't People Magazine give you the option to show errors like the other puzzles? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42794:	  Plzz do not download... after the download.. it automatically started downlooading God knows what... 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42813:	   Auto download works but if you try to download manually it forces close.(process com.totsp.crossword.shortyz error) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42830:	  Love the app! But one suggestion: make it so it doesn't redownload a puzzle after you have finished it & deleted it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42835:	  Works great, never have any issues. Perfect if you love to do crosswords on the go! - HTC incredible 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42838:	  A must have for the crossword obsessed. Fantastic...my favorite app! Simple, pleasing UI, no performance issues. Thank you, devs! HTC Sensation 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42841:	  I love this app and haven't had any problems with it since I downloaded it over 2 weeks ago on my HTC Inspire. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42853:	  Awesome app but won't download new puzzles after one day...any help? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42892:	  App itself works well. Only problem is with the puzzles. No cryptic clues & multiple word answers aren't specified as such in the clues. A US thing? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42904:	  Been having issues since the last update. First I couldn't get rid of the People puzzle, now the list of puzzles won't refresh. Fix = 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42914:	  By far my favorite app. The perfect fix for crossword junkies like myself. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42916:	  Addicted to crosswords, and can't get along without this. Excellent app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42919:	  Works perfectly. So many great settings & features. No ads. Dev is quick to fix bugs. I don't have 1 bad thing to say. I love it!!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42933:	  I wish there was a paid version of this. Not because it is lacking on features, but because it's so good I WANT to give the dev money! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42936:	  THE BEST crossword app for Android hands down! If you're giving less than 5 stars because of the People issue, then solve an adult crossword instead! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42940:	  Best crossword puzzle app. Quick dev response to fix problems. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42943:	  The show errors function is malfunctioning. everything is being marked as errors. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42945:	  Was great till the update. People mag showing correct letters in red as incorrect. Plz fix. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42953:	  Awesome! Only problem is Washington Post re-downloads and wipes out my completed puzzle. Evo 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42966:	  Perfect. I use this every day and haven't had a single problem in the two weeks that I've been using it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42973:	   Only problem was that I had to figure out for myself that 'space' on the keyboard toggles between across & down...didn't see that in the help. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42992:	  Won't open on LG optimus! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#42995:	  One of my favorite apps. I use it daily and never have problems. Clean and smooth interface. Epic 4g froyo. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43037:	  Horrible..my phone wont stop downloading new puzzles. Making phone slow. Droid2 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43055:	  It seems like the LA Times crosswords stopped updating after Sunday 3/13. Anyone else have this problem? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43089:	  The developer works hard to bring everyone their daily crossword fix. Thanks for all you do for us! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43106:	  Love this app but after recent update, constantly force closes! SORT IT OUT!!! I NEED MY FIX!! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43108:	  Great app. Sometimes freezes up on me, but new update fixed most of that. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43136:	  Crashes consistently on some puzzles. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43140:	   Easy to use and get started with, downloads a variety of puzzles, play it at least once a day - even makes me late places as I can't get enough. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43145:	  My only problem is the clue font size. Simply too small, and the size option disappeared after one of the updates. Good app. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43161:	  Your latest update doesn't install. Unknown error 18. Using Motorola Droid 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43175:	  The only problem I have with it is that it keeps disappearing off of my home screen. I always have to keep searching for it in the apps list. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43183:	  I love this app. Tons of puzzles from lots of papers. Only issue is too fast a repeat rate on my g2 physical keyboard. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43207:	  Can't it stop downloading continuously... Jeez. Uninstalling. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43232:	  Love this app but frustrated that I often can't get back into a crossword if I've closed the app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43257:	  Used to work. Now it just FC's on start. Need a fix! SGS (update: corrupt shortyz dir in /data. Manually deleted and now fixed...) 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43279:	  Stopped working/ force closes. Loved it until then. Uninstalled then reinstalled but same problem. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43296:	  I have enjoyed this for about a month. The only problem being the ease of controlling the zoom. Otherwise, it's great: a five star. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43302:	  I love this app, but I use it for the NY Times puzzle and as of the recent update on 11/11 the Times puzzles are no longer downloading. Bug? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43334:	  Awesome crossword app. The only issue I've had are mistakenly pressed keys, especially when trying to press space to switch directions. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43349:	  Force closed every time, but reinstalling fixed it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43416:	  Would be 5 stars but im having problems with the backspace. Its been deleting 2 squares instead of 1. Rather frustrating. Please fix :[ 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43438:	  RGDBEAR Great app!! Almost perfect - if I could only figure out how to turn off the error indicator. Sorta feels like cheating. D'Inc. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43460:	  My phone wigged out like crazy when i had this app. Loved the crosswords but caused my phone to freeze and my husbands to crash completely. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43474:	  This is the most used app on my phone. Constantly developed and improved. Quick to respond to bugs and new features. Thanks for the great app! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43484:	  Horrible! The puzzles are "samples" that are automatically downloaded as soon as you open the app. Crashed my phone when I uninstalled. HTC Evo 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43487:	  I love this app. Most used on my phone. Havnt had a single problem with it. But i have one question is there a sudoku version of this? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43519:	  Great app for downtime. The screen is very jumpy. Moves to different part of puzzle then where i would click. Five stars whe fixed 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43548:	  Crashed my evo when dling puzzles. Restarted and uninstalled and crashed again. Had to reinstall as it made my phone overheat and become very laggy 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43583:	  Very Good product. The latest updates have fixed several small issues. I highly recommended it. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43587:	  This is one of the best apps available. Every problem has been addressed quickly and diligently, and no ads! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43588:	  Latest update (2.2.12) force closes every time I try to download new puzzles...great app otherwise. Please fix & back to 5 stars! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43591:	  Best crossword app out there hands down. 5 stars. All devs should be this diligent making improvements and fixing bugs. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43593:	  Problems seem fixed. Thanks for the quick update! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43594:	  Great app. So far I have enjoyed it and haven't experienced any problems. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43596:	  Latest build force-closes on download. Droid... fix please? I use this app all day every day 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43598:	  Crashed my Incredible, not force closed, battery pull crashed! Uninstalled! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43600:	  About time a good crossword app was released! Good high quality puzzles in bug free app. Not for people used to "easy" crosswords though. HTC Hero 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43608:	  Needs to show errors on clues page 5 stars when fixed. All around best crossword app 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43621:	  Excellent work. Love the search to skip.. but if you've disabled the search button it doesn't work. Mine is set to focus, and writes a P 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43623:	  Love it. Virtually bug free & east to use. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43625:	  Great App! Always worked fine on Droid 2.1, now when i double tap on a box to change direction it makes entire puzzle small. Please fix! 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43634:	  Woot! Awesome xword app. Great for when I can't find the Onion. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43665:	  The highlight of errors is an option, press settings and then hide errors. Great app. Kills time at work. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43708:	  second the listings mode issue...can you add wash post puzzle? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43710:	  Didn't work on incredible 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43711:	  Addictive but some bugs today. Downloads same puzzles 2x, and filled one in all D's...? 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43720:	  Needs auto error feature rather than menu/show error 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43726:	  Awesome app, one I use daily to pass the time, however with the newest update it force closes on start. Motorola Droid. Please fix this fast! Thanks 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43727:	  Great I like the show errors option. 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43731:	  I like the variety of puzzles but there is a bug when entering letters 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43735:	  seriously best xword app ever, and one of the best android apps on the market! devs fix bugs quickly. works great 
com.totsp.crossword.shortyz#43744:	  Pretty cool. Doesn't work with Swype keyboard through. 
