de.danoeh.antennapod#160006:	  I like it, Setting for ext SD card storage could be better/simpler/clearer but this might be a Android issue. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160017:	  Hands down my favorite podcast player. There are multiple ways to search for podcasts and there isn't a podcast I couldn't find. So many settings and features for the podcast lover(download or stream!) . I definitely use this more than any app on my phone. Thanks to the developers for my favorite app 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160032:	  I've been using the app and loved it but it stopped working yesterday after I updatedy Android OS. Won't play anything. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160036:	  Crash sometimes, when starting podcast. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160054:	  Bugs on widget. Otherwise perfect. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160056:	  Downloaded the app that's supposed to help with sound, but the the sound works for awhile then stops while the podcast is still playing. This has happened almost every time I've used it. I would rather put up with ads that an app that didn't work. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160065:	  OGG streams sound like crap. Interface is not very intuitive. Manual searching and subscribing to RSS feeds is a little time consuming, but would be a non issue if everything else was good. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160068:	  Tried about 4 others and they didn't work as well and were all more intrusive. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160084:	  I have been listening to podcasts since before they were called podcasts; on everything from Palm Pilots, iPhones, a Blackberry, Windows Phones, and now Android. Hands down, AntennaPod is my favorite podcast player. It has an easy to use interface, has never crashed on me, is free and ad-free, and doesn't utilize my data plan without me allowing it to do so. My only criticism is that I wish that the controls (play, pause, etc.) buttons were larger. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160089:	  Good podcast player but very frustrating that new episodes are automatically added to playlist. (Next version should fix this but I am still waiting. ..) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160094:	  Looked promising in the beginning, but downloading and playing podcasts failed almost every time. Bye bye! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160135:	  All features included. Sometimes automation does not work and don't know why? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160156:	  Pretty good at all the things a podcast app is supposed to do. I feel like I occasionally need to unstick things manually to keep the queue full -- failed downloads not always tried, etc. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160157:	  Surprised to find that this is one of the only apps in the Play Store that supports premium subscription podcasts. That being said, I can't get the auto download feature to work and there seems to be no default sort option, requiring daily manual intervention to get podcasts downloaded and organized. Submitted a help request on these items but got no response. Would quickly run to something else. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160160:	  Works very well. Never had a problem! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160178:	   Works flawlessly so far (had issues with podcast addict not downloading episodes and a few minor annoyances with podcast republic. I'd donate to the author if I could as the app is just that awesome. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160225:	   Haven't had any issue with it thus far, but is a no frills kind of player (which is exactly what I was looking for) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160227:	   Doesn't suffer from the over complications of other podcast apps and it is fairly light on space. Only problem: What to listen to first? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160232:	   No crashes or weirdness on Droid Maxx after several weeks. App has been solid to use. Interface design could use some love but it all functions without issue. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160247:	   UPDATE: Dec 27 - The problem I had was that new episodes weren't being DL because the old ones weren't actually being deleted from my phone. Even tho I set it to delete played episodes and they were still on my phone but not available through this app unless i re-DL the file. Need to manually delete the files using a file manager. *****DEC 26 2016. It's not downloading new episodes suddenly. I thought I should update it but that didn't help. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160256:	   This app has been maybe slightly less frustrating than most podcast apps I've tried. Sounds funny, but there are too many options (for me). I want simplicity and a clean UI without too much hassle or tweaking. **As of 12/24/16 it no longer works. At. All.** I tap to open... it closes immediately. Reported issue. Everything it states last update fixed is actually what's happening NOW. (Wasnt before.) Will try another app for now & try again later. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160273:	   Clean, accessible interface, precise scrubbing controls for finding a place in a podcast. It does crash at times while navigating the app, but if you hit play and just run the app in the background it will run reliably and indefinitely. It's free, has no ads, and it works, can't ask for more. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160276:	   UPDATE: podcasts started playing and things were good and then poof, all podcasts and subscriptions disappeared with no recovery options. Emailed support two weeks ago and got no response... Lame. /update No podcast would start playing whether I tried streaming or downloading. I could tap play and pause and scroll the timeline, but the podcasts would not play. Also podcast thumbnails didn't load. Pretty frustrating. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160280:	   Allows me to get the podcasts I love, including #noagenda . I've paid for apps that lock up and don't work as good as this one. However, app is confusing to me. *disclaimer* Might just be me though... 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160289:	   Was great but freezing a failing on a lot of podcasts since the last update 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160293:	   In my lumbering transition from iOS to Android this is the best thing yet. But it is a bit crash prone, and I just can't get used to managing everything from a touch screen. I so want an iTunes equivalent to handle my subscriptions and episodes 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160294:	   Great app! Use it every day! Update, December 14, 2016 -am i the only person who can't shut sleep mode off? This was never a problem for me till last week 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160303:	   Used to be great now just freezes indefinitely on my moto G. Please fix it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160307:	   Works without problem. Functional and intuitive. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160311:	  Was great. Now, with the latest update, the app freezes on completion of a podcast episode and I have to reboot my device. The list of what was fixed for the Dec 6. update shows exactly all of the ways the app crashes NOW. Instead of fixing the, they were introduced. The opposite of usable. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160323:	   Able to set specific time to refresh, includes episode info, all my bookmarked podcasts are saved neatly and they're all downloaded to their separate folders contained in one place so i don't get confused. Oh and NO Ads!, and It's free. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160325:	   Actively developed and bugs get fixed. It's a great and functional app. Way better than anything else I've used for podcasts. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160336:	   Great free app to collect all of your podcasts in one place. Decent interface and never have stability issues. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160339:	  Well organized. Have to download programs to guarantee reliable playback as streaming often results in backward jumps by a few seconds or ending a program prematurely, but that may be a weakness of any podcast app which interprets a hesitation in internet connection (?). I don't know. Never have that problem with videos, but frequently with podcast players. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160363:	  Love this app but currently running into an issue: episodes won't play when I hit the play button from queue. I will click on the actual episode and hit the bigger play button and it still won't work. After maybe 10 tries it might work. Fixing this would be appreciated! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160378:	   My previous app stopped working so needed a new one -antenna pod had good reviews & transition was easy & it's simple to add new podcasts.p probably got more features than I need, but can't fault the app itself ! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160381:	   Works pretty well, except for a couple issues. 1) Despite the option being selected in Settings, the play/pause controls do not persist when playback is paused for other audio. I also wish the controls persisted after playback is ended, so it is quicker to jump back into the app to select a new podcast. 2) sometimes the app glitches out, and plays the audio in the background, with no way to stop it. Press play/pause will result in two instenses of playback. I can't reproduce the issue, but it has occured. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160392:	   The app opens then crashes. Has been unusable for over 2 days now. I m kinda disappointed that the bug has not been fixed yet. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160401:	  Used to be a great app, but after the latest update, it won't work at all. Every time I try to open the app, it crashes and says "Unfortunately, this stupid app has stopped working". Wasted all the time adding podcast subscriptions. Don't waste your time with it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160410:	   One of the very finest app to support download and listen to podcast. I seldom faced any issues with the downloads and the best part is it being open source. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160439:	  Unfortunately, app will be non responsive at times when playing audio and skipping forward all the way to the end, have to do a "force stop" in android app settings to fix. Also, gpodder constantly gives java sync error. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160444:	   Any issues I experience with the app before are fixed.Great UI and options for customizations. After trying other podcast players including podcast addict, I went back to AntennaPod and can't be happier. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160445:	   I like this pod app better than others because it doesnt seem to have issues connecting when you are only on 3G and the interface/ layout is more appealing. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160446:	  I love the fact you can download it and listen to it later when you have no access to Wi-Fi 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160447:	   I always come back to this app because of its reliable performance and integration of source to the consumer. But definitely have to admit that it's not user friendly. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160462:	   This is freaking great. I'd been using Google's Play Music app for podcasts which works pretty well but had a few issues. I started looking for a new app when a podcast I wanted want available on Play. I've used Stitcher before and find it annoying, but then I found this and I'm very impressed. The ability to search iTunes, Google pods, or directly from a URL is amazing. There's also no delay in new episodes showing up which is another issue I had with the default Google app. Plenty of settings to tweak! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160465:	  nach wie vor technische probleme, meist beim laden neuer folgen. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160470:	   It streams Democracy Now! video on my tablet but has no speed 1.5x enhancement like my Windows phone and when downloaded, then it only plays audio. That's a simple bug that should be gone before public release. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160471:	   Seems to work well overall. Auto download fails occasionally for whatever reason with a sort of useless page telling you. Would be nice if it was easier to update manually. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160491:	   Overall, it's kind of a cumbersome app, but does well enough. A huge problem for me the inability, despite changing the settings, to disable the 'skip' button. I've lost my place in countless podcasts when my phone gets triggered in my pocket and the button--that I CANNOT remove--gets bumped. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160505:	   It's a free app that streams or downloads podcasts, without ads or unnecessary screen clutter. It rarely crashes. What's not to like there? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160532:	   I'm still familiarising with the functionality but so far it does everything I need. I use it every day and have not encountered any problems so far. It's the best (and I have tried a few that were not)! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160534:	  I suspect there is a bug in disabling mobile usage. It burned up 200+ MB this morning on my way to work. Was there a recent update? I checked after afterward the mobile data download is still disabled as I have configured from the start. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160545:	   It's seamless, straightforward, and never failed. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160548:	   I was fed up with the Beyondpod lag problems. Then I found AntennaPod....thanks AntennaPod developers! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160549:	   It just works. It doesn't have all of the (unnecessary, bloated) features (feeds, news) of some other players, but I can subscribe to and listen to my podcasts - and it's never crashed. A++ 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160553:	   Does everything a good podcatcher needs to do. Have not encountered any bugs yet. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160580:	   Works without issues 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160632:	   Has all the podcasts from the iTunes store so you get everything. Only problem is they are day late uploading. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160635:	   I originally used this app on Android 2.4. It crashed a lot, but I really liked the UI and features over others I had tried. With my new phone, everything works and it never crashes. Really great app! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160661:	   Works well as my Android podcaster. I was hoping it would do a better job of syncing with my Linux client gPodder, but have had sporadic success and failure. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160663:	   Plays podcasts flawlessly, very good subscription management. Never crashes, no ads, and no nags. Overall great software, and I actively recommend to friends. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160689:	   I tried several podcast apps before Antenna Pod. There were pros and cons for each, some had a good selection of podcasts, but lousy design. Others had better design but I couldn't get all my favorite podcasts. Antenna pod has a pretty good layout and finds all podcasts by searching iTunes. Pretty good idea. I recommend it! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160721:	   I love the search function that helps you find new podcasts. My old player didn't have that function. Very easy to add new podcasts, download episodes, and play. It would be nice to be able to change the que easier, but that's a fairly minor problem. Overall, i love it and will be sticking with it! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160744:	   I was used to beyond podcast and I still think that antenna pod could simplify and tidy up the sections. ..why are there so many? ! Subscriptions and queue/playlist should be enough. Download and episode not really needed. SEPARATE ISSUE: buttons gone from lockscreen! ! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160757:	   The interface is nice and simple and adding podcasts could not be easier. Playing from a stream has been uneven at best. Stream will drop and will not come back without phone reboot and even then sometimes it won't play. Of course, I could download but that's not the point. Other than the streaming issue antenna has been great. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160782:	   It's free, fairly easy to use and feature rich. One star off for occasional bugs, like playing the first few seconds of a podcast before skipping to the next track for no particular reason. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160789:	   Since moving to android from iOS I've been looking for a decent podcast app. After searching the play store, online reviews and top 10's then trying them all out I was still disappointed. Ads, cluttered layouts, and complex apps were all I found. However in a comments section I saw this app recommended, and I must say its great. Not just because I couldn't get on with the others but this app is easy to use and manage your subscriptions and episodes, has a good layout that's both aesthetic and user friendly. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160822:	   Excellent app. Downloads and plays podcasts without crashing, what else is there for it to do to earn a great rating? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160825:	   The interface is clear, and it serves all my podcast needs. Downloading and auto delete functions work perfectly, few issues to report. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160835:	   Haven't had any problems yet. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160848:	   I have tried many podcast apps but this is the best. I have never had any problems and the interface makes it easy to use. Thank you Antenna Pod. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160862:	   Doesn't work. Won't search, end of story. Bye. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160891:	   Previous issue is closed: attempt to download episode or update feed faced unknown error. However, stream play can function properly. Things would only go wrong while SD card being mounted.  it's a problem caused by SD card. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160899:	   Was a great app but recently has stopped responding quite often. Hope they fix this soon 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160927:	   Antenna pod has all the features I would want in a pod catcher and player and great functionality. The latest update has fixed any previous issues I had. No need to look any further, just get it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160931:	   And it has no ads. Edit: It has some problems if the Bluethoot and Power Saving are on. But those appear to be native to Samsung S7 edge 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160933:	   I have not used any other podcast apps to compare this one to buy it does everything I want it to and works the way I expected. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160949:	   This app has a few small bugs, but nothing that diminishes my enjoyment of it. Works great overall on my Note 3! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160950:	   Can't fault the app. Let's me download and listen to my podcasts without any issues. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160957:	   With the latest update this player leaves all the others in the dust. Paid and unpaid. No esoteric resource hungry featured. Incredibly stable. Good looking working perfectly for a podcast addict like me. This is my most used app. It's playing 6-12 hours a day! It never ever fails and with the Sonic player built in it sounds great even through my high end ear buds. I really want to pay for this app! For me it's worth double digit dollars Try it. Love it and move on. This is THE player right now! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160963:	  Was pretty great until the last few updates. Now playback controls are totally broken when playing downloaded mp3s using the native (not sonic) media player. Reverting to version 1.6.0.9 resolved all the problems for me. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160977:	   Intuitive to use and never failed me in the last four years or so. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160985:	   with minor problems wrt background functionality and counterintuitive menus. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#160987:	   This app works with few issues. Only complsint is thst finding subscriptions is a bit tricky as well as other settings. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161003:	   Edit2: While not on wifi will update subscriptions but doesn't download the actual podcasts. As soon as I get a wifi connection the episodes start to download. There are no errors or entries in the log. It doesn't look like it's attempting to download until I get wifi. 'Mobile updates' is switched on. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161024:	   The app formerly crashed immediately when tried to sync with gpodder but the dev. Is serious and got the app sorted. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161029:	   This is my second full use podcast app, I used another one for many months that started to crash my phone, using its free version, so I was not about to pay for it when free was messing with Android. With AP, everything runs smoothly, getting new episodes is easier and sound is always consistent. I will update if any issues or other great things arise! So far so great. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161032:	   This does everything I ask it to do with very little errors and it's actually free (I'm talking to you Doggcatcher). It doesn't auto-update, but that's okay. I've yet to lock it up. Another plus, it can search ITunes for podcasts. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161036:	   Works perfectly, only bug is the auto download doesn't seem to work 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161037:	   It gets the podcast fix I need. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161041:	   Open source, contained size, lots of features, keeps getting better, no ads. Very happy with it. Crashes on very rare occasions, and I wish the lock screen widget had more features/buttons. EDIT: Lockscreen widget now enhanced, app became even better! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161051:	   I've been used another open source podcast app up until now. I had too many app force problems so I switch to AntennaPod. I'm really glad I did! It's a fantastic podcast client!!! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161055:	   Not only it's open sorce but also free of charge and it works great! It doesn't get in the way, earbud controls work, it behaves as expected, supports downloading episodes for off-line listening, and it's not married to a podcast provider. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161056:	   Three cheers for open source!!! This app is a first class podcast manager with great features for power users while still being simple enough for newcomers. The development community is responsive to bug reports. All around a great example of what quality open source on Android can be :) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161061:	  Sometimes doesn't autosync 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161067:	   Its easy to use, I can subscribe to any podcast that I want so far without any issue. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161068:	   the only Podcast app that has all the features I need, especially chapter marks ... and its open source, cannot get better 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161080:	   Very fully featured, free, updates with rss, keeps track of all of my watched episodes and let's me filter them out, and I've never experienced a bug. Plus it's just dead simple to use. Seriously, a perfect podcast player. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161087:	   some issues but its dimple easy to navigate 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161105:	   That's how I like my apps, with little bugs. I get my podcasts, 99% of them play after I download them. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161116:	   I've tried a lot of podcatchers, but keep coming back to this. It's simple, but it just works, except for the occasional crash, or download error. Which happens often enough that I have looked for other options. But despite those issues, I'm still a big fan of this app. Thanks for making it, folks 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161120:	   It's a great app all around. My only issue is the podcast logo won't stay on when I'm listening to a podcast without a data or Wi-Fi connection 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161134:	   Great but some problems just arose. 1. I can't scroll through an episode. The 30 second forward/back button doesn't work. 2. Jumping to the middle with the scroll bar will work once but it just jumps to a random place that doesn't match the scroll position. It won't respond to any other junior after that. 3. The episode won't stop playing. The pause button won't work. Closing the app won't work. I have to force stop through settings. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161139:	   This works for me on my Nexus 6. It has a few bugs, but I have been using it for over a year. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161151:	   After a recent update I have found a few problems when one episode has finished and moving on to the next. The playback stalls and freezes and plays intermittently, and won't allow me to 'come out' of the episode. The only way to do this is to close the app itself and open it again. Having said that, I have tried a few podcast apps on my android phone and this has suited me better than those up until the recent issues, so I will probably continue to use it and hope that updates resolve the problem 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161152:	   Great app. Great price, better than any paid ones I've tried. Good interface, all the features I need. Simple easy settings, auto download and queueing. Still finding progress bars don't track, and speed change not working correctly. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161155:	   I've had this app for ages, and I have seen constant upgrades or fixes. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161159:	  Great Open Source Podcast App The only thing that would make it better is if the audio controls on my Pebble would interface with it. Might be a Pebble issue though 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161161:	   Clean and easy to use. Never fails. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161165:	   This is the only podcast app I've used and I like it. It does the job and is really straightforward. And now that I have figured out to swipe things out of my queue it's much less cluttered. I would like more browsing possibility when looking for new podcasts but I'm not sure if that's the app or user error 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161180:	  This app has continually improves; truly impressed! The lock screen widget is really handy for pausing / unpausing, and the variable speed playback is a real time saver! If I had one request, it'd be for YouTube subscriptions -- I can't get valid podcast XML out of YouTube directly, so application level support would be required required to add Youtube videos to the playback Queue. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161187:	   Crashes everytime I try to play something.... very responsive disabling the sonic media player in the settings menu made all the difference. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161221:	   Can't get better that this. Best podcast app ever. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161223:	  Well organized and easy to use. Will occasionally have freezing issues - 1 star 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161225:	   Just sometimes it fails to download casts fully, and needs a few retries. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161227:	   Pretty much perfect, would have been 5 stars, but crashed once too often. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161243:	   I love the simplicity. It just works and it has what you need. Not overly complicated but just a great podcast app. Needs one fix. Need to be able to set ANY path for storage. I am not able to set the path to my external SD card so it wants to use internal storage for everything which is very limited. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161246:	   Couldn't find a podcast app on Android that had everything I wanted for a long time. Then this came along. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161250:	  Works well, haven't had any major problems or issues. Pause button went unresponsive once or twice but I think that may have been an issue with my phone since it was an isolated incident and I've been using the app for a few months. Would recommend this app, it does what it's supposed to well and over all I'm pretty happy with it 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161253:	   This app does what it is supposed to with a clean interface and easy access to new podcasts. I tried several other Android podcast apps with unnecessary features and terrible UIs and could not comprehend why there were no simple apps that worked without crashing or stalling to load ads. This is everything I need in a podcast app. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161256:	  New version crashes almost never. During playback pause play button stops working after screen off and on. Must go back to Queue list and press play from there. Oh, wow, thanks for setting me straight on what this review box is for. Now where do I report the issue that the issue tracking link in Settings is grayed out? I guess it's not here? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161258:	   I love this app but the latest update is acting weird on my nexus 5x. Whenever I try to use the audio controls to pause or play, the entire app stops responding. It does not crash however. When I close the app from the app list , it still continues to play in the background and I have no way of stopping the audio unless I force quit the app. Very annoying, I can't use any of the audio controls without this happening. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161262:	   Dear Developer, this app is beautiful and I just love it. Yet, there's just one bug which bugs me night and day: there being no code to manually and automatically pause downloading, half the time the downloads result in errors, on our slow connection speeds of 512 kbps. I'd request you to kindly implement this in an update so that we no longer face this problem that makes one's head boil with anger. Thank You. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161272:	   I like the user interface of this podcast app but sometimes freezes on a podcast playback and crashes. Only fix is to close and restart it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161278:	   Update: problem no longer occurring, and some nice improvements to the interface on newer versions. Now Five stars. Not giving 5 stats because the latest version seems to get stuck on a podcast every note and again, and won't play another podcast until it is shutdown and started again. Other than that, works great. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161287:	   Love this app but I have an issue. When the app is already running on my phone and I connect to my car's Bluetooth 50% of the time no audio comes through. Only fix is to kill antennapod, disconnect and reconnect Bluetooth and restart the app. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161292:	   Every time I play a podcast, it freezes. Sometimes it'll actually play, but a lot of the time it simply crashes. Incredibly annoying. Also, after adding a podcast, you have to go through several steps to get to the newly added podcast to play it. This is on a Galaxy S5 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161300:	  I have one podcast that I listen to, and I had lots of problems adding it to my subscriptions. After that, the app worked great. EDIT: The problem was that adding the podcast through iTunes search had it stuck after selecting it, and adding through feed URL was taking a significantly long time as well (I think it was stuck). The latter eventually worked so I can't complain. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161304:	   This is the best podcatcher on the Android platform. Period. Simple. Robust. Full of features. And the community is quick to issue fixes. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161309:	   There aren't a lot of simple, easy to use podcatchers left, so this one is a breath of fresh air. That being said, there are some bugs that pop up from time to time. The app un-foregrounds itself sometimes after just pausing a podcast for a second. Sometimes I can't download an episode I know is fine in a feed. I've had it crash randomly. Hopefully as the app matures more, the kinks will be ironed out. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161317:	  Been using it for a couple of years without any problems. Great app! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161323:	   Irritating bugs in earlier versions have all been fixed, so I have abandoned other, paid for, apps and returned to Antennapod. Lightweight and reliable. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161344:	  Despite some issues it works great. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161359:	   Great ad-free experience. Sometimes I encounter bugs where playback continues and I can't stop it. There have been other bugs in the past that have been squashed over time so I expect this will be done with in time. Really like the new search iTunes feature, it makes adding podcasts super easy. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161360:	  Changed to this as couldn't get other app controls to work on lock screen. Does everything else I need very well. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161372:	   Have only had one issue that has caused me to reinstall however the app runs fine and is nearly perfect love it so far 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161373:	  Small problem: for some reason, on my lenovo k50 (limoncello rom) - the app doesn't apper in the drawer. I can only access it through settings->apps. what gives? Otherwise - awesome app! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161375:	   I am very particular about my application needs for podcasts and this app fits it perfectly. The only glitch is that sometimes the downloads show a failed message, but when I go to the logs I see that it was redone successfully. I would recommend this for anyone. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161386:	  Occasional bugs, some UI issues, and lack of an account system are the only things holding it back from a 5 star. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161393:	   Very few problems compared to other similar apps. I use it almost daily. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161396:	   Use it on a daily basis haven't had a problem yet! Would love to have variable playback speed. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161399:	  Works great 90% of the time, but 2 podcasts failed to import 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161405:	   I have been using Antennapod for a while now and really enjoy all the features it offers. The only issue I have is that it's hard for me to figure out what episodes are new vs. Not listened to yet. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161412:	  I really liked this app on the Z3. Unfortunately it does not work well with bluetooth-audio on Z5 (HSP via Mono Bluetooth Router pro). Sound is muted almost every time when the next episode starts... Not usable anymore. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161419:	    intuitive app. Just having some issues when connecting with bluetooth. Jabra / LG G3 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161426:	   I don't have any problems with this app. Sometimes I have a hard time find in new episodes or ones I haven't listened to, but I think I just haven't spent enough time learning how it works. Playback is good. No complaints. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161446:	   My only issue is that it crashes on my tablet frequently. I think this was brought in by an upgrade within the year 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161447:	   Flexible because you can link it to podcasts that aren't in a built-in database. Only glitches are rare downloading errors. Reasonable podcast organization capabilities. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161452:	   A few strange bugs, but generally a great program. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161482:	   Confusing as to what's downloaded and what's "queued", some podcasts downloaded on wifi suddenly missing now that I'm on 4g. Multiple entries of same podcast. Fix this and I'll come back, going to something more straightforward in the interim. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161493:	   Best podcast so I've found so far. Effectively plays podcasts without crashing or other issues. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161496:	   My main podcast finding, following, downloading, and listening app. No more messing with meta tags and scattered sources. Objectives of some features are still a little obscure to me (logs vs episodes vs queue) but I'm using it with 0 problems and with all the utility stated above. When I figure these additional features out I'm sure I'll be even more pleased. 2 thoughts: 1) tooltips might have helpful educational utility. 2) searching and adding podcasts isn't the prettiest. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161503:	   But lack of auto purge of old un listened episodes is a problem 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161505:	  A handful of issues, but otherwise excellent 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161506:	   Best ever and lots of updates to fix bud and as features. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161512:	  Does everything I want it to in a very straightforward way. I have encountered a few crashes, and podcasts with more than 150 episodes occasionally cause it to lag out, but no major problems and the previously mentioned ones are rare. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161524:	  While I like antennapod a lot and have been using it for years, it has finally failed me completely. It no longer plays my podcasts, particular ones from NPR. It has been getting worse in the last few months where it would fail to start the podcast after one completes. It basically hangs and has be killed. I've started to reboot, in hopes of clearing the problem, but that no longer works. I have a Nexus 5 freshly updated with latest Marshmallow. I usually try to find the download podcasts using the file manager, but I forgot where it was putting them. Please make it work reliably again. Thanks 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161535:	  Easy to use, runs without any problems 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161538:	   Got nothing more to say, it serves it's purpose, is incredibly flexible yet simple in design, and doesn't seem to face a lot of the issues I had with other players/aggregates. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161554:	   Antennapod has become everything I could want from a Podcatcher. Starting from adding your first podcast, the GPodder integration means you will probably never have to search for an XML file again, since it will already be searchable in the gpodder directory. Other useful features include a sleep timer, excellent crash recovery (though crashes aren't that frequent), and headphone awareness. I'd recommend giving it a try before throwing a few bucks to another Podcatcher. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161585:	   This app is not bug free, for instance around August 2015 it started to crash when playing down loaded content, so I installed google play to do that. However, all of that is outweighed by the fact that this is OSS software, and I use it daily. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161588:	   I've been using this for some months with no cause for complaint 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161591:	   I use this for multiple podcasts. Works great. Occasionally has an error and I have to restart it, but it's great for what I need. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161595:	   This app is perfect and can not find 1 fault with it, being a ex iPhone user and moving to android went through many podcast apps that just didn't do it for me then I found this, and couldn't be happier 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161602:	  Great open source app. It crashes often when using speed acceleration, but otherwise is an excellent podcast manager. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161612:	   A few quirks early in the app's life cycle, but it's working very well now. Especially the integrated speed up audio. Some crashes, but none recently. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161642:	   Looks good and runs simply. The app is constantly being updated, and if you submit bug reports or feature requests on their github they are fairly good about responding. Sometimes updates will introduce small bugs and the app is probably not the cutting edge in podcasting technology, but it is solid and always improving. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161643:	   This app is great and has all the basic functionality that you look for in a podcasting app. I feel like there are some design optimizations that could be made to the user interface as it is a little clunky at the moment, especially the pullout drawer and the swiping behavior which is not very intuitive, at least to me. Also this might be a bug but the white icons and text are impossible to see on notifications. I also think adding more material design could improve the ui. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161648:	   Overall this is my favorite podcast player on Android. Easy to add feeds, and I like the way it manages them within the app. It allows for downloading episodes, and it remembers playback positions. Only downfall is that it sometimes becomes unresponsive, but a force stop usually resolves the problem. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161655:	   The only gripe I have about this app is the fact it doesn't do well when my cell signal is bad. I have an unlimited data plan so automatically downloading episodes would be a huge pain for me but if I have very little signal and I accidentally stop playback, I have to wait for it to start to play again. Preferably the app would cache the episode as I play it so I wouldn't have to worry about it but I still have this issue. Also sometimes a random episode won't play. I have no idea why. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161665:	   Does everything like it should. (Only problem I have: when the side menu is open, pressing the back button currently closes the app instead of the side menu) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161670:	   Just did the update and now all podcasts stuck with "filter" always on, but the function no longer works. Uninstalled and reinstalled, same problem. Really liked this feature, but now unusable- help! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161679:	   My favorite app has been crashing so I'm trying this, and overall it's ok. Pocketcasts had dinner better playback options and the ability to play from oldest to newest. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161682:	   Only one real issue I have is that usually, but not always, when auto-advancing the playlist the player freezes. Pressing pause brings up an "unknown error" dialog, which then drops you back into the queue. Selecting a different podcast usually, but again not always, restores playback. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161683:	   Wonderful program which fixes my addiction I got using the "Podcasts" app on iOS. The interaction design on this is *much* better. Congratulations. Ps, loving the Holo too! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161684:	   Useless if you can't open it and use it!!! IN RESPONSE TO YOUR RESPONSE: I reinstalled it, but just how am I supposed to send you a crash report IF I CANNOT OPEN THE DANG APP???? I can't get anything except the Google play page that says it's installed. It doesn't show up on my phone except to say it's been successfully installed. No option to open the app, nor does it show up in phone as an app that I have. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161687:	   I've tried other major players around and I'm settling with thisone. Maybe I might want discovery, recommendation feature which I think, is missing but no complain as the player dose basics quite well. Free and no ads open source, I think this is a win. A note to the developers, I experience my xperia m4 freezes when I try to stream but the server is not responding ( download fails with 403 error or something) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161701:	   The app is now back to the greatness it was before after the bugs had been fixed. The only question now is will there be Chromecast support in the future? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161724:	  Used to be great, has gotten more and more broken as time went on. Gpodder integration stopped working long ago, and now episode auto download doesn't work anymore. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161725:	   i can't seem to update the app. it keeps saying there's error in downloading. also i uninstalled then tried to reinstall but i got the same message. restarting my phone doesn't help too. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161726:	   This is the only player that supports multiple Podcast sites. Therefore, downloads can be obtained when some sites have server problems. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161730:	   - if playback stops on the lockscreen, the contol panel disappears and replugging headphones does not resume playback anymore - missing sort and filter for the download queue (stop downloading all episodes of that one podcast - download episodes of multiple podcasts in the order they were published) - missing filter in all episodes - 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161731:	   Only problem in latest version is that podcast icons don't consistently download. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161732:	   Some . Wouldn't load anything. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161736:	   For some reason, downloading for offline listening stopped working. Streaming still works. Any ideas? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161739:	   This is easily the best podcast app for android. Only issue is there needs to be an ability to write to external SD. If you have a lot of podcasts there simply isn't enough room on internal storage. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161740:	   I thought maybe it was my phone, but when I upgraded, i continued to have problems on BOTH phones. It's gotten so bad that it is making this app close to unusable. Please help! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161745:	   Good podcast app! One issue: the notification texts are invisible when not expanded, probably because the podcast titles are too long, causing it to wrap the texts completely. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161762:	  Good, simple and ad free podcast player. Has all the settings I'm looking for and works without issues for me. Recommended! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161772:	   Am I the only one experiencing crashes since updating to Lollipop? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161775:	   In general, AP is a great, simple podcast app. There was previously an issue with how Podcasts were organised, but this has been fixed in a new update. The developers seem keen to fix issues and continue to improve the app. An area of improvement would be adding new podcasts: searching and browsing popular pods or recommendations would be useful. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161778:	   Used to be good, but won't show which podcasts it has failed to refresh. Podcast Addict doesn't have this problem so will be using that from now on. Update: The app will not show me which podcasts have failed or succeeded to download. Podcast Addict shows that certain podcasts have new content, this app does not right now. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161779:	   I can't get over how flawless this app is, besting plenty of premium competition, and it's provided completely free. Thank you, developers. You rock! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161787:	   Search doesn't work for me on the current version, but it doesn't matter for me anyway. , I use it daily and am completely satisfied with it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161795:	   Slow to respond and crashes when reopened. Good ui. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161802:	   This app needs configuring on first use to work well. Once configured properly this is the best podcast app I have used. Straight-forward but full featured. There are a few minor bugs here and there which can be overlooked. Adding more podcasts than the choices listed seems difficult and possibly buggy; it probably requires reading some instructions which I did not read. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161818:	   The application is my first choice for listening to podcasts. It holds on to all of my podcasts. No major issues held with the app but only one bug that should hopefully get fixed with some bug reports 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161822:	   The developer fixed my bug report very quickly. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161836:	  Lost playback speeds with lollipop update, will download another if not fixed 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161841:	   I really used like this app and it was working fine. But with latest update, auto upload has stopped working. Please fix it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161852:	   App failed to receive updates of new episodes. Check out podcast addict as an alternative 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161857:	   Changed from an iPhone to android, so have limited experience of podcast apps. All I really want to do is find the podcasts I like, download, listen & delete. I couldn't find the BBC casts I wanted without the URL, so I had to find the URL. I can't delete the episodes I've listened to, they just sit in the list. Maybe I'm just not using it right, but a few instructions would be welcome. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161859:	   I love this podcast app, and have used it for quite some time. However, since the last update, it runs constantly in the background. I have changed the settings to update manually, but it still shows the icon in the task bar that it is syncing podcasts several times a day. I looked at the battery options in settings and this app is listed in the #2 spot for resource usage. Unfortunately, I am uninstalling it until this is fixed. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161860:	   I thought this was a good app but now I can't download podcast because the filename is too long. Please allow us to rename if filename is too long. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161870:	   10-second rewind, and the ability to stream a podcast without subscribing to the whole podcast feed? Search not finding my fave podcasts. Thank you very, very, very much for giving us an ad-free podcast manager. This is my favorite new find. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161871:	  I was looking for a podcast manager that requires minimal set-up and yet works the way you expect it to work. This one strikes an exceptionally good balance between simplicity and usefulness. Bonus points for open source and no ads. I like it so much I'm giving it 5 stars despite the occasional crashing. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161872:	   I love supporting FOSS software, but this app has some flaws. It is a bit buggy. Sometimes pages and the menu turns all white as if the app is just a shell with no content. Other times, I will try searching for podcasts by category only to get a 404 error. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161874:	   This is the greatest free podcast app I have found for downloading and playing podcasts offline. Version 0.9.9.2 crashes on all my devices when a video is played. I had to manually download and install the previous version 0.9.9.1. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161887:	   A clean, elegant interface that does not look cheap. Unlike some apps designed for phones it looks good on a tablet too. It does a good job as a podcast player, rather than also trying to do lots of other things and failing. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161891:	   The dark theme shouldn't use unteadable dark blue font on links. Please shoe date info on podcasts descriptions. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161892:	   This is a perfect fit for my podcast needs. Only merit is, downloaded episodes/podcasts are not recognized when the app is reinstalled. Is there an option for that or can that be fixed? :) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161917:	   The new UI is significantly worse than the pre-May 31 interface. With the old interface it was easy to see the organization of podcasts. The new interface destroyed that view, making it hard to find what I want to listen to. But the biggest problem is that the new update seems to lock up my phone for no reason. I have had to pull the battery twice today in order to get my phone working again. For me, this is a real disaster. If not fixed soon, I'll move on to a different podcast manager. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161921:	   Great app and great developers... downloaded from play store and it forced closed upon start. Sent in a crash report and the devs fixed it within a few days. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161934:	  Too many crashes and locked up requiring force close. Uninstalled. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161940:	   It didn't find a single podcast I wanted either via url or through the directory. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161943:	   ***Request: portrait video support.***This is closest thing to gpodder for Android that I could find. It doesn't have too many options and it WORKS (for the most part). The only issue I have with the app is that it doesn't download youtube podcasts. I imported my opml from gpodder and my youtube feeds work there, so that is really the only issue I have with this app. It is still great t be able to download my podcast straight to my phone though. Thanks for a great app. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161945:	   It's a good app but whenever I pause an audio podcast and then play, it will skip ahead by about 3~4 minutes. Very annoying bug. Fix this and you get 5 stars. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161959:	   Using 644m But! Phone rotation on video play cuts off video. Autodelete gone? Please turn off start on boot. Also, when opening files from file explorers AP launches? Streaming certain episodes, eg http://indybay.org/newsitems/2013/03/01/18732943.php unknown error? Thanks new ui! Would love a distinction between episodes listened to (old) and else(new/DL'd). also:I'm traveling w/o access to wifi/3g, so my phone is connected via reverse tether so no-go. Please use usual methods of network detection. :-( Thx! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161961:	   Doesn't have all the features of other podcast managers but does what it does very well. Love, that you can sort the queue list. Moving to this as Pocket Casts is increasingly full of features I don't use. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161963:	   Has all of the normal features you would expect in a podcast app, works consistently well. So far, almost 0 issues. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161970:	   I installed this after Onecast kept crashing. But kept going back to Onecast. Just found this interface confusing and could never get it to do what I want it to do especially since I was listening mainly in the car and don't want to have to navigate through tons of screens. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161977:	   I want the device when I'm watching a podcast to stay awake and not lock up and shut the screen down. Please fix immediately!! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161979:	   Could be great but still feels incomplete. No downloading progress in status bar. Seems to have weird bugs for example I was downloading an episode but didn't know if it was actually downloading as I couldn't see a progress bar so I tapped the download again and then when I found the download section it was downloading the episode twice. Surely the app would know that episode is already downloading and wouldn't download again. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161981:	   ... it just doesn't work to me. I can't find radio stations by typing the name of the program or even the station name. I'm so sorry because the app looks pretty neat, very well designed and free. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161984:	   Works great for me and I appreciate its auto-downloading features, Gpodder integration, and support for older devices. The only thing I wish it did better was to resume interrupted downloads rather than fail them entirely. (Note to Daniel Oeh! Make it easier for USA users to donate to you, because I'd love to do so :-)) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#161992:	   Great podcasts app that does what its supposed to, and very well. Dev is super responsive to issues. Highly recommended! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162001:	   It needs chromecast support. Also, I came upon a bug that makes one of my individual downloaded video podcast not watchable. Squash some bugs and add chromecast support and you'll be the best of all podcast apps. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162003:	   Hands down best podcast app. Good design and easy to use. Does seem to use a fair amount of battery during playback (high media server battery use) but that could probably be fixed with an update to use kitkat's newer audio tunneling feature. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162016:	   Excellent free app, full featured and beautifully designed all the while being open source. The widget needs fixing since it doesnt always work. but the app is till in beta so it still got time 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162024:	   A good podcast app but it to have the option to have less than 10 episodes in the cache, at Max I only need 3, some podcasts are 100MB, so to have 10 episodes is a GB! Have a few podcasts and that is many GBs eaten up by podcasts... please fix that setting! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162028:	   Works great, and has a simple, yet elegant interface. I only have 2 complaints: a) the "search for podcasts" feature sucks. I had to add all my feeds manually via copy&paste because it didn't find anything. Not even mainstream stuff like hardcore history or radio lab! b) a "delete all played podcasts" button would be nice to have. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162030:	   This app was relatively stable and performed well, however, the latest update has not been a good experience! It crashes alot and appears to remove the wrong pod casts when you've finished listening to one. It then keeps downloading it. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162034:	   Finally found a clean, minimal podcast app. Great work! One thing though, not sure if it's a bug or not but every time I pause a podcast, the notification and lock screen widget disappear. As I result, I have to open the app to resume. Running Android 4.3. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162035:	   Looks nice but a little bit confusing when you are trying to find the player and then when a podcast was finished I couldn't find where it was for a while. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162045:	    app. Just have a little problem to resume a paused podcast when streaming. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162055:	   Some errors when downloading but usually spot on. would benefit from a sync function that shared podcast libraries between platforms such as phone and PC as adding/updating each can be a pain. the "add podcast" function is also very limited. in short a really good app with room to develop further. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162058:	   Had an issue with the certificate but now it's working again. Back to 5 stars! Love this app. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162063:	   Second time I tried switching to AntennaPod from DoggCatcher, but search is still not working. Searching even generic terms turns up no results, such as "games", "tech" etc. Also, not sure what the "Miro Guide" is but clicking on it gives me an error "No peer certificate". 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162075:	   Love the app, especially since the overpriced ones have so many features it's annoying. With that said, for some reason it has stopped downloading new episodes automatically. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162097:	   Nice and simple and great design. Crashes the lockscreen widget/controller though. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162098:	   Antennapod works but has some weird issues, the lockscreen control flickers strangely, and sometimes episodes won't download. I'm uninstalling it in favour of Pocket Casts. Galaxy Nexus, Android 4.2.2 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162115:	   I've bought a few others, but AntennaPod is my current favorite. The most glaring issue I can find at the moment is the inability to sort the play queue. Chrono, reverse, random, grouped by shows... these would be good options, for starters. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162121:	   Recent podcast user, so not sure what else I should expect! But does exactly what I want. Pauses when unplugging headphones (as requested by another review). Don't forget to support it on flattr! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162140:	   For so long I was tortured by Pocket Casts and other awful, pre-gingerbread apps. Thanks for the rescue! Gorgeous interface, fantastic playback, great integration, OPML import. Only feature I could think of would be a fixed time (e. g. 3am) to start the downloads. However, it's open source, so I guess I could do this myself. :) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162147:	   Got this because BeyondPod wasn't loading several podcasts correctly (because their feeds were screwed up). Couldn't get AntennaPod to load ANY podcast feeds. Uninstalled. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162159:	   Has a few bugs but it's far better than any other podcast app I've tried. Only really major issue is that adding episodes with the search function does work well. This isn't that big an issue unless you have lots of podcasts since you can just paste in the RSS URLs. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162161:	   But when it works in background, it starts lagging and loading processor. 2.3.5 - electrify. Please, fix it) 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162162:	   Sometimes I have problems with downloads but overall, this app is excellent. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162166:	   Finally a promising Holo based podcast app! Missing soms feature Like automatic downloading and Google reader syncing. The search is pretty limited, it didn't find many of my favorite shows. Some UI glitches and it has been unstable at times. Keep it up though, it's very promising! 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162167:	   Can't wait to be able to use this app as my main podcatcher, but right now, during normal use it has caused my Galaxy SIII to crash hard and reboot several times. Memory leak? 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162175:	   Hard to believe this is still in beta. Great UI and ease of use. Have not had any problems with it. Also, it's free and ad-free. Good job and looking toward to.future updates. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162177:	   Attack of the show audio works but the video is black. Galaxy S3 stock JB. Fix that and 5 stars. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162197:	   This is one of the best podcast apps hands down. Very nice, clean, and appealing UI. It functions just like it's supposed to and gives the listener the option to either download or stream. Only problem with it is the Miro Guide, it has a small selection but if you can't find what you're looking for just go to the Miro website and find your selections URL and you're set. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162198:	   Developer is quick to implement bug fixes and feature requests. 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162201:	   Since the last update I can now download podcasts without getting an error message 
de.danoeh.antennapod#162203:	   I wanted to like this app a lot, as it looks good and is minimalistic In a good way. However, I did have problems with one feed, but another worked well. It's worth giving it a shot. 
