fr.xplod.focal#70006:	   After i installed the app...now when i enter on my sistem camera app it shows the image only by a half of screen leave that other half black.I want a response fast because i cant fix it .Please i dont know what to do to fix my camera.I have a Samsumg Galaxy s6 edge 
fr.xplod.focal#70007:	   One of the best camera apps I've ever tested. It has all the functions that a good camera has. I found 2 small bugs and 1 more serious. The application is automatically pausing and closing when put in panoramic mode, and when you switch from the front camera to the rear camera, the picture freezes (only sometimes). The biggest bug is that the camera's alignment is outside the edges of the mobile screen. Awesome app! Keep updating 
fr.xplod.focal#70009:	   This is an amazing app very good alternative for those who use aosp /cm Roms. That being said I have experience some issues on the 7.1 the front facing camera looks very distorted like stretched. And also sometimes when you switch from the front to back camera or from video to camera it crashes. OnePlus one 7.1 tugapower rom 
fr.xplod.focal#70013:	   Bugs found on Nexus 4 (with Nougat aosp): switching back to camera after video mode makes camera not work. Gallery often shows blank slides. Videos aren't watchable (tried vlc, will post when I analyze with ffmpeg). The capture/picture button is too close to the middle soft button, making the app close some times instead of taking a picture. The flash timing is off, making dark/night pictures black. Still looking through all the features, will update soon. 
fr.xplod.focal#70015:	   After taking individual pics long pressing the shutter says Rendering started and then nothing happens. Crashes on start most of the time. "BUT" all other features are amazing. Hope the developers fix these bugs. Can't wait to lay hands on the stable build :)( Moto x runs on Lollipop) 
fr.xplod.focal#70025:	   Good work.. Got a prob when using front camera.. My picture become upside-down.. Another one is flash... If flash applied picture become not very good because to much light on it... Last one is HDR effect, failed every time... Overall ur app are awesome.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70027:	   I like all the features and all but pictures come up sideways even when I have my cell phone upright.. Please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#70028:	   I like the app it's self, especially the menu on the long press. The only real issue is the pix taken are unsupported files in my gallery. I'm on a Samsung core prime. Good job otherwise. Fix that and it's 5 stars. Thanks. 
fr.xplod.focal#70034:	   So i really like this app it has everything sony lacks on the z5 if theres gonna be a working panorama (sonys panorama really is ****) this might be the best app i have. But for now the pictures are bugged in the gallery, they only show as black spaces with the broken picture thingy watermark. (ITS FREE D: ) 
fr.xplod.focal#70036:	   Video camera crashing on me, please continue the development and fix this (huawei g610 jb4.2.1) 
fr.xplod.focal#70037:	  I like how everything looks but it stopped working everytime i selected the video mode. 
fr.xplod.focal#70038:	   I'll try again when you update a few times. Didn't work well on my Huawei H892L. 
fr.xplod.focal#70044:	   Yeah. Right. Like so many other Android apps, user data is handled with a kind of mild contempt. (e.g. The Play Store app will happily and irreversibly erase everything I'm typing right now merely for attempting to press enter twice to begin a new paragraph.) Same here. I shot a ten minute movie. That was the hard bit surely? And I guess most of that got written to somewhere other than RAM. Yet somehow, between pressing stop and whatever it did that made it crash, it didn't bother to close my file. Awesome. 
fr.xplod.focal#70047:	  vedio in portrate mode changes orentaion by 90 degrees while taken in landscape comes ok. is there a way to fix this. 
fr.xplod.focal#70051:	  sadly my review is inaccurate because the star system has no context. I actually like this app and its very easy to use but it appears to be significantly flawed that prevents it from working correctly outside its custom ROM. I have a G S4, I had a compatible [CyanogenMod] G S4 that I had to replace and now I'm stuck with TouchWiz. While Focal works brilliantly on CYM it is buggy at best on anything else. I had very little successes even getting the app to run much less take pictures. on CYM it takes very good pictures and is very easy to use, which is why I downloaded it after I was forced to replace my device, unfortunately its not ready for mass consumption just yet. I have tried a number of approach to the problem and nothing seems to solve it yet. it seems that the CYM team needs to figure out what the problem is and correct it. Unless you are rooted and can install this specific Custom Rom (which seems like a lot just for an app, good or not) I would not recommend wasting your time on this. it won't work, it might corrupt some other apps installed and it might have some unforeseen consequence on your storage (internal/external SD card) due to incompatibilities in the ROM 
fr.xplod.focal#70053:	   Almost crashed my nexus 6 running MM. Spikes the cpu to 100 and crashes nova launcher and everything becomes unresponsive. 
fr.xplod.focal#70057:	   Great app needs to be a bit faster and now need to fix photo rotation for Marshmallow Nexus 5x 
fr.xplod.focal#70058:	   installed it now and the app closes as soon as it opens. functions only once in 6 times. uninstalled and installed again. yet same problem 
fr.xplod.focal#70060:	   Get rid off from stock rom camera. While swiping to video recorder app crashes.plz Fix it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70061:	   No doubt it has some serious stability issues, but I love where you guys are going with this. It is a one of a kind camera app, with nothing quite like it on Google play. I am using cyanogenmod, like most people downloading this, and this is the only app to attempt to be better than the rest. I am in full support of this app, and if you guys fix the stability issues, I will rate this 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#70063:	   This is a great app that also fixed my persistent camera crashing after installing CM11. So grateful to find an easy fix with also great additional camera features. 
fr.xplod.focal#70066:	   Crashes on launch on 4.4.4 
fr.xplod.focal#70068:	   Right now the only issue I have is that the video mode only captures in SD mode, despite the hd setting 
fr.xplod.focal#70072:	   Very nice features, but in my Samsung Galaxy S4 running CM 12.1 the photos are simply being saved nowhere, and I cannot find a way to select a custom folder myself 
fr.xplod.focal#70074:	  Freezes on CM11 Amazon Fire Phone and doesn't work at all. The app looks awesome though. Looking forward to updates and hopefully having a working version for this device. Keep up the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70076:	  This is a very promising replacement for a poor stock camera. Although the Moto X camera has evolved it's still lacking. This allows changing ISO, resolution, color temperature, and such, plus various scene types. Controls are a little clumsy but that happens when adding more features and is one reason the factory cameras are so basic. Their goal is iDiot proof, full automatic everything to make it quick and easy. A few of the scenes and effects cause a crash on my phone. It's not what you see is what you get. Certainly that can happen when going through the camera API. But in highest res there's a large gray band on one edge and the frame starts on the inside edge pushing the rest of the image off the preview screen. Others sizes have some weird cropping. The description says if something doesn't work to wait for an update. It's been a long time. I have found something better but I'll definitely keep an eye on this app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70077:	   ...which i desperately needed, unfortunately it crashes 95% of the time. Also, will only record video in landscape mode. Fix it and get 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#70086:	   I get an out of memory error message and can't take pictures. 
fr.xplod.focal#70088:	   360 photo not working. 
fr.xplod.focal#70090:	    is not working properly in Panasonic p55 
fr.xplod.focal#70100:	   When I use this app on a Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo it works very well. I especially like how I can turn off sharpening (under Colour Adj. - slide the bar next to the staircase icon to zero) and with this it produces near RAW quality. I wish the app also allowed tuning JPEG compression ratio. But on my Galaxy Note 4 (SM-N910C with Exynos SoC), the sharpening is not adjustable. It looks like a GUI bug. 
fr.xplod.focal#70101:	   Very handy and fast access to the settings needed. Amazing work! Upd: at some point on cm12/android 5.0.2 Focal began to start INCREDIBLY SLOWLY. I mean, literally, it's a black screen for up to a couple of minutes. Also, panorama mode stopped working. Except for that it's still my camera of choice. A little painful on lollipop, though. 
fr.xplod.focal#70104:	   One bug,while taking a video and touching to take a photo it crashed. 
fr.xplod.focal#70106:	   Using on Moto g 1st gen KitKat 4.4.4 its far from perfect folks its beta the fact I have white balance, split focus and exposure, and exposure compensation things that are not available in stock moto app is good for me what's missing for me is scene mode only has auto or hdr for choice and ISO is locked to auto but same thing on stock not even option , I also try on Tegra Note 7 KitKat 4.4.2 unfortunately it won't open sent report. 
fr.xplod.focal#70108:	   This app came with Hyperdrive ROM for my Galaxy S4, and I love the interface (except for the swipe-to-delete mentioned by others). It has a lot of advanced camera features to make the shot look just how you want it. However, sometimes it crashes, and the picsphere doesn't work (then crashes on render). Photos sometimes appear sideways, as others have said. I understand this is currently in beta, and not the dev's primary project, but I can see it becoming my primary/only camera app once it's stable. 
fr.xplod.focal#70111:	   Despite the frequent crashes, I use this as a main camera app. Hope the devs will resolve the issues related to HDR feature in the nearest release. 
fr.xplod.focal#70113:	   Colour Adjustment feature not working (on HUAWEI HONOR HOLLY) When we slide down we view previous pictures one by one when they go down they will be Deleted without any conformation any one may think they are just viewing the pics but actually it was getting deleted automatically. I am Writing this review after Uninstalling the App. 
fr.xplod.focal#70114:	   just gives the error "unable to take picture" 
fr.xplod.focal#70116:	   First try with rooted note 3, used torch setting + a few others it crashed unexpectedly and then couldn't shut off torch. Aside from a 30 second trial and fail, I can already tell this app is top notch, and is well designed. Thanks devs 
fr.xplod.focal#70118:	   Not supported in my xolo q1010! Unfortunately focal has stopped error show 
fr.xplod.focal#70124:	  please fix for motoG 
fr.xplod.focal#70126:	    doesn't work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70127:	   Everytime I shoot a pic, it always turn to landscape on the gallery. Pls fix this... 
fr.xplod.focal#70128:	   The  does not work. When you select the mode and take a picture the picture does not show, just a grey image. 
fr.xplod.focal#70129:	   There are some mild bugs, but they don't really impact the app's usage 
fr.xplod.focal#70130:	   Great camera even if is still in beta. 3 issues I found. 1, forward facing cam makes pictures squished or stretched. 2, when the picture for the forward is taken, it's flipped upside down. 3, when using it to take a picture while in messaging app, it closes. I'm on an HTC M8 running CyanogenMod 12. Maybe that's why is not working quite well. 
fr.xplod.focal#70137:	   This is an amazing camera app, prefer it than the Google one and stock one, BUT. This does not work on the antare ROM: CM12 (unofficial cm). I understand that this isn't an official ROM but it would be nice for it to work :)). 
fr.xplod.focal#70139:	  Crashes every time when switched to video mode 
fr.xplod.focal#70143:	   When ever video is opened app crashes. But camera mode is great. 
fr.xplod.focal#70148:	   The UI and funcionality still have a REALLY long way to go, and a lot of bug fixing and tweaking needs to be done before i can call this ap a solid camera app... Since this is Beta i hope it will get better so i can give a higher rating! 
fr.xplod.focal#70152:	   - Was not able to get "HDR" to work properly, same goes for the "Auto Enchantment"; on top of that, when I try to access the camera from the lock screen it won't load for some reason. Still a great app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70155:	   It works. Has potential. But needs allot of bug fixes. Can't record video. Can't switch from video to camera without locking up. 
fr.xplod.focal#70156:	  problem is video mode. when ever i try to go thr it crashes.so a big disappointment.colour changes automatically. no restore settings button. auto enhance doesn't work at all always crashes just like the video mode. other thn tht its cool. my phone is sony xperia C 
fr.xplod.focal#70159:	  Crashed & rebooted Droid Turbo 
fr.xplod.focal#70162:	  The pic quality is great but it crashes frequently. 
fr.xplod.focal#70166:	   So many bugs I don't know where to start! 
fr.xplod.focal#70169:	   Panoramas cause gallery to crash. Photo sphere needs gui overhaul, but great work so far. 
fr.xplod.focal#70173:	   I can't always use it! Its not running well on my s3 LTE with AOSB ROM but you know what, I'm patient and I'll wait for an update as it has potential to be amazing and when it does work it is exceptional. 
fr.xplod.focal#70174:	   I have the galaxy gear with null_23 on it and this camera works great on it. The picture doesn't appear stretched like it does on other camera apps. But the video doesn't record correctly and the photosphere doesn't work at all on this device. Regardless, I'm still using it as my camera app on my gear . Keep up the good work guys! Can't wait for the next update. 
fr.xplod.focal#70176:	   Photosphere does not work properly.Just takes pictures and stops on picture view and 3 dots are not moving 
fr.xplod.focal#70183:	   its good and works nicely (most of the time) but there are still bugs, i want this fixed and i want this app to excel 
fr.xplod.focal#70184:	   Full featured camera! Design looks great. Hope you make EFFECTS easy to acess by swiping. 4k video not supported. Still buggy though. Will give 5 star if 4k video and bugs are fixed. This will be my default camera. -s5 user 
fr.xplod.focal#70185:	   Sometimes crashes on my S3 but other than that its great. 
fr.xplod.focal#70186:	   Developers just forgot about this app.. I've used it when was releases here in the app store long time ago but since December 2013 haven't had any updates... Just don't download this app until it gets a update... 
fr.xplod.focal#70190:	  freezes for like 2 seconds when it starts. fix that, and I promise a 5-star rating. 
fr.xplod.focal#70191:	   Everything is fine but the app crashes while taking a pano shot and it hangs between switching to back and front cameras 
fr.xplod.focal#70195:	  amazing app. Just fix the blury pic preview.... Thanks. 
fr.xplod.focal#70196:	   I would give this app 2 stars if the devs didn't specify this was a beta program. On SGS5, it will not save images at all. And the interface is buggy, sometimes the left side options are no longer able to slide out. If it worked well, and I were to judge it based solely on simplicity and desired functionality, I would probably give it 4.5 stars. I think there is a lot of potential with this app. Keep up the good work, dev 
fr.xplod.focal#70199:	   Can't save photo on any mode on my S5. 
fr.xplod.focal#70203:	   When the picture is saved , it gets flipped upside my down... That's so annoying. Please fix this and I will give 5 stars . 
fr.xplod.focal#70209:	   But crashes after click on cm11 4.4.4 snapshot i9300 
fr.xplod.focal#70210:	   I have tried the one plus one camera and Google camera and video won't record properly. Can you please fix the focal has stopped error on s3 mini aokp 4.4.4 please as I see high potential for this app 
fr.xplod.focal#70216:	   I have been using this on my new MotoX and it has been really good. Love two finger focus-exposure. Only issue, pictures are dated December of 1969 . 
fr.xplod.focal#70223:	   Froze my phone(galaxy Trend/Duos) and after reboot camera wouldn't work with stock camera app either. Tried to launch Focal again and phone crashed/force closed and wouldn't boot after that anymore, couldn't even hard reset device. bricked phone. Thanks. Maybe change status to pre-alpha 
fr.xplod.focal#70225:	   It's all good until it comes to the video. On my gs3 mini it crashes every time I go into video, apart from that it is pretty good. 
fr.xplod.focal#70226:	   Auto enhance feature failed saved original.. please fix this bug and please add more feature like low light mode, geotag etc...add some special features like jpeg compression low or high.... video bitrate etc...Good Luck and thanks 
fr.xplod.focal#70231:	   Even the latest update, primary camera just go blank. But front facing camera working smoothly on my LG Optimus L7. Pls fix and I give you 5 star! Edit: camera now working to my Xiaomi Redmi Note, but still buggy and the video recording always crash. Fix all of these and finally you will get 5 stars and no more complain from me :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70232:	   Being beta, there are obvious bugs. I find that the app crashes every so often when flipping from landscape to portrait. The settings is lacking resolution settings. I do think that the camera focuses better than my stock camera app but that could just be my visuals playing tricks on me. But being free as well, I like how it does not bombard you with advertisements. I also like how you can have bursts as well and HDR shots. User interface could be better. When previewing the shots, the photos are completely blurry and blocky but when you see the pictures with a different app it is clear as day. So reviewing the pictures won't let you determine if you got a good focused shot or not. I also noticed if you tap the screen repeatedly it was enable a "tap to shoot" mode. I don't like that. Pleased remove because I want to focus on object but tapping the the screen. 
fr.xplod.focal#70233:	   I like the app. However, there is no way for me to set this as my default camera application. Fix this and its sure to get a 5 star rating. 
fr.xplod.focal#70234:	   Using CyanogenMod 11 millstone 10 the pictures are completely black. I've used this app before and it took amazing pictures for how limited this phones camera is. Once fixed I'll gladly give 5 stars 
fr.xplod.focal#70235:	  It didn't run ..why it tell me to unable to take photo but i can't find it so what can i do? 
fr.xplod.focal#70241:	   Plz help man only front camera is working the other one giving me only a black screen I'll give 5 stars if u fixed that and thnx for the hard work 
fr.xplod.focal#70244:	   HDR causes force close on my att s5 active, would appreciate a fix ! 
fr.xplod.focal#70245:	   It keeps force closing and there is so auto focus. Please fix! This app has so much potential 
fr.xplod.focal#70256:	  More fixes coming soon? 
fr.xplod.focal#70257:	   Display when taking picture is zoomed. Its different when you tooked the pic then see it in gallery. It make me harder to take a photo when the object is big. Can you fix this please. :( overal i love this app then any other camera apps. I'll give 5 star when it solved. Thanks 
fr.xplod.focal#70259:	   I really wanted to give this app the benefit of the doubt and be patient with its issues, but I've had it. This really should be in alpha stage still. It has a lot of features, but basic, important things don't work properly. No other camera app leaves me with sideways images, but this one does. If I rotate the phone, I still get sideways images! (So, it appears it's reading the sensors wrong, and/or tagging the photo's exif info wrong.). But, the final straw is that I shot a bunch of video...and it's all trash. No Android, Windows or Linux app has been able to play them. Lame. So lame. Still in Alpha stage in my mind. 
fr.xplod.focal#70264:	   It working very well on my phone. It's nice to have full control over focus and exposure! I love the PicSphere (a preview while taking the photos would be nice) and the HDR provides awesome results. The settings fully meet my needs. But unfortunately the camera isn't working yet.. Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#70267:	   Droid RAZR Maxx running CyanogenMod 10.2, will not save photos, saves broken images when it does. Frequent crashes. 
fr.xplod.focal#70268:	   Pls fix cant work panorama, and video pls fix i like the app still i will give 5star. Its always says pocal has stopped. 
fr.xplod.focal#70269:	  Pity it crashed so much... 
fr.xplod.focal#70270:	   But it crashes quite often. Running cm11 on the s4. Looking forward to an update. 
fr.xplod.focal#70271:	   Switching BTW video n photo modes freezes the app, 360 panorama doesn't work 
fr.xplod.focal#70276:	  This app is not supporting at my samsung grand model... please fix this bug.. sure I will give you more star 
fr.xplod.focal#70280:	   I like this app, don't get me wrong. There are however a few things that I would like to see fixed. This is based on a VZW Moto X stock 4.4.4. - During the tutorial, some of the text is cut off in landscape mode - Although I take pictures in landscape mode all the time, when taking one in portrait mode, I noticed the UI gets elongated - Menu text on pull-outs is a bit too small for my screen to comfortably read - I love all of the features, but sometimes you just want to point and shoot; an optional mode similar to "easy mode" on point and shoot cameras would be nice. Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#70284:	   But still I have a problem with auto enhancement. It fails everytime. Problem occured on stock 4.3 and now on CM11 
fr.xplod.focal#70288:	   I hope the Dev team picks this back up. It is really cool, but it has some bugs that make it less than ideal of an app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70289:	   But one thing that's bugging me is when taking pics portrait its saving them landscape and I need to edit the rotation after I'm using a gs3 if its helps you devs 
fr.xplod.focal#70295:	   It has compatibility issues on my Huawei Ascend (blue screen, freezing sometimes, crashing etc.) I gave it one star so that review doesn't go unnoticed. Waiting for update to give to better rating. 
fr.xplod.focal#70296:	   Try to switch to photo mode while shooting video and app stops responding. Also, double tap to capture pic during vid doesn't work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70298:	   The back camera won't work on my Samsung galaxy s3 mini on the app. Please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#70300:	   You haven't updated this app since December 2013. And it did not work on my phone. 
fr.xplod.focal#70301:	   I think they layout and functionality are one of the best but it doesn't actually take pictures. They're all the wrong direction and you can't find them easily in the photo gallery if at all. The video function is even worse. The phone will go to sleep during recording and not capture anything. HTC one M7 
fr.xplod.focal#70302:	   The standard camera doesn't work on my phone (galaxy s4) when using cyanogenmod v11, even with the camera fix app. This app, however, works without issue! My only problem is that the image is stretched horizontally. The final taken photo doesn't have this problem, fortunately. Edit: reducing rating because the app takes photos sideways! It looks fine when taking the shot, but afterwards I have to rotate every photo in the gallery! 
fr.xplod.focal#70303:	   I'm using Sony Xperia J with alienware rom.... When I launch the app the whole screen is black with the focus circle in red and the camera button.... Only a black screen... Again when I changed to video mode the camera started but force closes after 2 to 3 seconds.... Please fix these.... 
fr.xplod.focal#70305:	   Things noted from beta: video doesn't work for some devices, photosphere and panorama is a bit ugly and is still filled with bugs. Other than those, the camera app itself works perfectly and is by far amazing. 
fr.xplod.focal#70306:	   Awesome app. only problem is that whenever i switch to video mode it crashes plz fix this, i m using xolo q1010i 
fr.xplod.focal#70308:	  It won't work on my galaxy s3 but it does some times. When it does work it's really cool! 
fr.xplod.focal#70312:	   On my Optimus L9, this app performed poorly. It constantly crashes and I can't even switch the video without it acting up. I mean it has more features than the stock cyanogen camera but shouldn't I be able to use them all? Like c'mon y'all. 
fr.xplod.focal#70317:	   It seems like when I take a picture, the resulting picture would be rotated 90. Please fix it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70322:	   It crashes everytime i switch it to video 
fr.xplod.focal#70323:	   works on mine but the problem is when i take a pic in landscape the picture in the gallery is portrait and vice versa... and i just click it once but it takes many but my burst mode is off 
fr.xplod.focal#70327:	   Video recording is not working on GS2. Even causes the camera to malfunction & crash. 
fr.xplod.focal#70330:	   When I take a photo it just show some sign in my gallery not the photo please fix and I will give five stars 
fr.xplod.focal#70331:	  I cant using the video. It will shutdown if i try to open it. Please fix it, I'm using lenovo s650. 
fr.xplod.focal#70336:	   The only reason I can't give this five stars is because for some reason it won't properly record videos. at first it would say there was an error when starting to record, I uninstalled it and reinstalled and now it doesn't, but the videos are still unplayable. 
fr.xplod.focal#70338:	   Stopped updating it. You say don't rate it 1 star for a bug and to " wait for an update " but it's been 8 months since the last updated! Unbelievable. 
fr.xplod.focal#70341:	   Overall great app, only issue I have is images are saved either upside down or sideways with the front facing camera. /cm11 nightly 
fr.xplod.focal#70342:	   Always says unfortunately focal has stopped working and damages video 
fr.xplod.focal#70343:	   Photos are quicker to take and less blurry than with stock GS4 app but it doesn't auto-rotate so half my photos are sideways! 
fr.xplod.focal#70345:	   Works great on razr maxx hd. However, deleting pictures in the viewer needs either a confirmation (user feedback) or a dedicated button, it is WAY to easy to delete an image and not even realize it happened (I have edited my review and deducted a star for this usability oversight). A couple of features it desperately needs is selecting the image location, those with an sd card cannot save to it; as well as the ability to take widescreen photos... 
fr.xplod.focal#70346:	   I understand its in still beta but whenever i start it. It doesnt display the image properly. It only displays it when i turn the megapixel to 0.4 and it cant capture a photo and crashes when i turn to video 
fr.xplod.focal#70349:	   A great app but with a few bugs being that the pics come auto rotated sometimes upside down sometimes 90 in the gallery and also that while using 1.9MP mode on front camera the pic taken is much broader than the one shown being captured and also while capturing the view looks stretched.. Fixed by switching to 0.9MP but then one loses out on the resolution. Also need an option for pics to be saved to sd card automatically. Otherwise one of the best camera apps out there. 
fr.xplod.focal#70356:	   Good app. Hdr needs to be fixed on Samsung GS 3. It does not combine the thee individual pictures into one. 
fr.xplod.focal#70358:	  Photosphere not working 
fr.xplod.focal#70359:	   The features are good, but it often not responding, crashing. And sometimes it doesnt save photos at all. 
fr.xplod.focal#70365:	   For a person just starting photography as an enthusiast this app is an exhalent choice. The manual settings work great and the auto settings take just as nice a picture. The one thing though is I count the flash didn't work in the moto x hope this gets fixed 
fr.xplod.focal#70367:	   Amazing app but the video mode(camcorder) is not working, the app is crashing. Plz plz plz plz do something,, i love this app. My device is micromax a110 canvas 2 
fr.xplod.focal#70370:	   I like this app but the video doesn't work 
fr.xplod.focal#70373:	   Doesn't support CM11... "Can't access camera." 
fr.xplod.focal#70374:	   When I read it I was expecting a slew of bugs. But to my surprise I found only some minor bugs on 4.4.2 Nexus5 with the sliding the settings out on the left. Also first time I opened the app it wouldn't take a picture. But I just closed the app and opened it again fixed it permanently it seems. I was able to take slightly better pictures the Google camera app because of being able to adjust exposure and other settings. Please don't abandon this app! Keep fine tunning! 
fr.xplod.focal#70375:	   Only crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#70378:	   Works great, minor issues can be fixed in future. -- 6 months old, Google Play Store could use a new version. --- Things to fix: - When first starting the 'Tips' do not 'landscape', only portrait. - In "Settings" the UpperLeft 2nd Window needs to be a bit wider and taller and each 'Tile' need a bit more space so Features with two lines fit and can be read. - The 'SlideRight' needs color inverted Text so we can see it. - The 'SlideRight' can not play your own Videos - The 'ShutterButtonSlide' needs the Fonts for each Mode to be twice as big (on a 1080P Screen). - In Video Setting Tile called Choose "?????" (cut off) the enable/disable Menu Features can not be dismissed by tapping off of it's Pane (need to use Back Button (offscreen)). - For "Video High" there is an 'Image' called "PLACEHOLDER". Framerate has 60 and 30, 24 would be OK. - --- Seemed fairly great (for a Beta) for but work on this has stopped. 1 Star for not fixing and quitting. 
fr.xplod.focal#70380:	   Video not working, anf cant save pics to memory card.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70381:	   A really nice app with all kinds of features that you only can get from like Samsung, HTC and so on with their on framework-cameras. Though I cant find slow-mo recording? The bad part is that its so laggy. I mean it literally freezes the whole app and camera isn't even moving, and I am using a S4 with CM11 so that shouldn't be the problem. 
fr.xplod.focal#70382:	   This app causes all of those things. Using a stock GS4 will have the app crash no matter what you do. Might work better on CM 
fr.xplod.focal#70383:	   There are a lot of bugs. The app is unresponsive at times. It also force closes. This is coming from a phone running CyanogenMod. A lot of work needs to be done. The app shouldn't be beta after being on the Play Store for such a long time. There's no point telling people to not give poor ratings in the description. Make it a beta testing version through the Play Store. Don't blame people for giving poor ratings to a below average application. 
fr.xplod.focal#70387:	   When started, dont turn on the camera at all and only shows black screen and when i try to switch it to front camera it work for like one second and than it shuts down. Pls fix it for this device and you will get 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#70389:	   Update: video preview is broken on nexus 4 and also crashes app often. Would like a more seamless interface as stuff appears to be everywhere. No reason to have small settings widgets everywhere, make them full screen please :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70391:	   Is awesome and works fine except for video, I can't record video, it freezes and then crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#70392:	   Just two problems. When I open the app, it doesn't seem to fit my screen. And second when I switch to video mode it it always crashes (I'm using Jelly Bean 4.2.2 btw). Still a lot of room for improvement. 
fr.xplod.focal#70394:	  Good, but sometimes crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#70397:	  Not working 
fr.xplod.focal#70398:	   It's packed with features but crashes all the time. Sometimes just going between camera modes will break it. It never finishes rendering picture spheres, never rotates portrait photos and doesn't stitch hdr or panoramas well. Kinda clunky ui too. 
fr.xplod.focal#70401:	   A great camera on my Moto G. Let's me use things like photosphere, which is only available on higher end devices. Also re-enables panoramic, which the new Google Camera removed. To say it's only in beta, I think this app is pretty much flawless. One major bug is my pictures being the wrong orientation sometimes. 
fr.xplod.focal#70402:	   May wanna get trust fixed 
fr.xplod.focal#70404:	   All portrait photos appear rotated incorrectly in G+ photo browser. Please fix!! Also, no undo if I accidentally delete a photo :( 
fr.xplod.focal#70405:	   PicSphere mode crashes directly on HTC One X. 
fr.xplod.focal#70407:	   Looks like an awesome camera, interface works great, love the effects, but will not show any pictures that I take with the app. Using HTC One, does the App not work with this phone? Let me know if there's a work around on my Google Plus account. If this issue get's fixed I'll change my rating to 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#70408:	   But it won't work on the galaxy s2 t989 with CyanogenMod 10.2. Hope the next update will include a fix. 
fr.xplod.focal#70410:	   Taking picture and photosphere does not work on my phone but video and panorama does. Can't wait to see if it gets fixed.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70411:	   The app works just fine. Works a lot better than the stock camera app on the custom ROM I'm running. Only problem I have is that there isn't an option to save your pictures to your micro SD card. 
fr.xplod.focal#70418:	   In portrait mode, it takes landscape pic and in landscape it takes portrait pic. If you fix this bug, I'll give 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#70421:	   The PicSphere didn't show any pictures when taking picture. Also, it didn't show any indication that it was taking pictures. Furthermore, it lacks auto capture like panorama does. Not to mention that is is kind of laggy especially rendering. Finally, the rendering seems to fail. After rendering, I couldn't find the rendered image. 
fr.xplod.focal#70422:	   Color adjustment doesn't work 
fr.xplod.focal#70423:	   Update:So when r u planning to get it out of the BETA? still laggy for 4.4.2.... Crashes sometimes after taking photos. 
fr.xplod.focal#70425:	   But It frustrates me. It didn't convince me to change from the default camera to this. It glitches a lot. It crashes when choosing the sphere camera. It lags a lot when using panorama. The controls are too complicated and annoying. I really hope the future updates will fix all the problems. 
fr.xplod.focal#70427:	   Doesn't work at all in my galaxy core duos... It say's didn't connect with camera 
fr.xplod.focal#70429:	   Firstly: the pictures I take doesn't match what I see before I take it. It forces it to show 16:9, while my camera's resolution isn't. Secondly, the worst error. The ratio is fucked up on the facecamera. It changes with when I turn the phone, and it's not 1:1 with what's actually there 
fr.xplod.focal#70432:	   LG G2, takes black pics, saves broken images, once told me photo wasn't saved cause I'm out of memory. That's a negative. Also front facing cam has a gray bar going down the right side. 
fr.xplod.focal#70436:	   App packs nice features but have issues with stability 
fr.xplod.focal#70437:	   It could be better need some resulotion and image quality plus, on video recording mode, low video quality without focus usless ! Fix it 
fr.xplod.focal#70438:	   The UI shows signs of great things. It's clean and fairly intuitive. I look forward to seeing where the project goes. That said, this app is really rough around the edges. When you open an option menu, it should close after you select an option, currently it does not. Swiping down to delete photos from the gallery drop-down is just plain dumb and leads to accidental deletions. Heck, Focal won't even actually TAKE photos on my Nexus 5. I tap the shutter and.... NOTHING. This app doesn't even deserve the title "beta", it is at best an alpha quality app. As for the developers request to not rate 1-star, if you don't want feedback then don't post your app on the market yet. How else are we supposed to tell you what isn't working if you ask us not to provide feedback about the app? 
fr.xplod.focal#70439:	   I don't understand how this is possible, but the Focal app consistently gives sharper, more realistic pictures than the app that Samsung provides. The interface makes a lot more sense too. Only real gripe is that I can't find information on what some of the settings actually do - is there a help website somewhere? Please continue ongoing support - this is an app I would gladly pay for. 
fr.xplod.focal#70442:	   I have an S4 running CM 11 Stable and the front camera shots are ways upside down and back camera shots saved in rotated positions. It's beta so I am hoping that this fixed in the future as this is the only third party app I could find that does both stills and video. 
fr.xplod.focal#70444:	   I have a Motorola xt910, running CyanogenMod 11, the app freezes and becomes unresponsive quite a bit when changing settings, zoom, etc. Along with this comes a block on the use of the camera entirely, requiring a restart to have camera functions back. Please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#70448:	   But can't save any video file. I use pantech vega r3 (im-a850s) 
fr.xplod.focal#70452:	  Nice little app, I have an issue where I have a gray bar to the right of the screen on my moto x but still it's a good camera I have to try it out properly tomorrow 
fr.xplod.focal#70456:	   **Update** Switched to stock 4.3 ROM, still doesn't successfully do HDR or Pictosphere. -On a Galaxy S3 i747 AT&T, Slim Version 4.4.2. Won't take HDR photos, Picosphere doesn't work, and it appears to not have the option to save to SD card? 
fr.xplod.focal#70457:	   Don't work on my galaxy s2 T Mobile. I'm running CyanogenMod 11 
fr.xplod.focal#70458:	   The Photo mode works almost fine on my Galaxy S2 Plus. The saved pictures of the face camera are flipped horizontally. The HDR mode is pointless (or just doesn't perform well). Focussing is a bit slow sometimes. But the app itself is very fast and easy to use. I like the pull-down to see the last pictures and the button for editing. The Video mode doesn't work for me. It just says 'Error while starting recording'. PicSphere does neither. It looks like a fault of the magnetic sensor, but the sensor is fine. 
fr.xplod.focal#70461:	   Would use it instead of the stock android gallery, but pictures taken on the front camera are always upside down. Hope that can be fixed soon, which would make this a perfect app 
fr.xplod.focal#70462:	   Many bugs but hopefully you will fix it the next update 
fr.xplod.focal#70465:	  Its good but keeps crashing 
fr.xplod.focal#70467:	   Here are a few things that bother me about it though: auto rotate doesn't work. It always takes the picture in landscape. Sometimes the auto focus gets stuck. And I can't turn off the shutter sound. Its annoying, and I'd like a way to disable it without muting my phone. This camera has replaced the stock camera on my N4 however. Thanks for that! 
fr.xplod.focal#70469:	   Not at all stable enough for mission critical use. I know its a beta but some of the crashes are rough 
fr.xplod.focal#70472:	   Focal includes some fundamental camera settings that the Moto G oddly lacks, like white balance options, manual exposure adjustment and pixel resolution choices. Unfortunately Focal is too buggy. The biggest bug is that the viewfinder is zoomed in (photos are still taken with the full range of the lens). It also freezes while switching between photo and video mode, and it doesn't seem to have auto exposure. But the big question: can it improve the awful quality of the Moto G's photos and videos? Sadly the answer is no. The results are just as bad. 
fr.xplod.focal#70480:	    but there some bugs with the photo sphere and load time issues 
fr.xplod.focal#70482:	   Its beta release and obviously so many bugs need to be identified and removed. Waiting patiently. 
fr.xplod.focal#70483:	   Video recording does not work, photosphere does not work, but this app has a lot of potential I'll keep it and wait for updates. Running AOKP. 
fr.xplod.focal#70485:	   If it was working it would have been a great app, this is how the stock software should have been. But unfortunately it does not work to my Nexus 5. If i press the shutter to take a photo it just drop downs the last photo in my album. I doubled tap in the screen in order to make it take photos with tapping the screen but this also does not work. I really hope the developer to improve this app and make it work in our devices. 
fr.xplod.focal#70490:	   Video recorder is not working fine. I did like this photo review we can't zoom it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70492:	   I have this for 4 months now and it's still not working for Samsung Hercules. 
fr.xplod.focal#70493:	   Great app, takes way better photos then the stock camera on KitKat. The only issues I'm having is HDR not working correctly. Also for some reason when I take portrait photos it will save the photo in landscape. I mean I could just edit it and rotate it but that's a bit of a hassle. Other then those two problems this app is great, thank you! 
fr.xplod.focal#70494:	   It is the only app which works very well on my phone. It can use the flash, front camera, etc etc and has a lot of pretty effects. I hope the bugs will be fixed soon. 
fr.xplod.focal#70495:	   ALWAYS crashing and rotates pictures after taking them without my permission 
fr.xplod.focal#70496:	   Awesome camera, but switching to video mode and starting to record causes the image to freeze (though the timer does count up) and produces an unplayable file on my stock Nexus 5. Update: Video still doesn't work as of 1.0-4aeccf19 
fr.xplod.focal#70500:	   The development has been moving along nicely. I'm still having a few small issues with settings but I'm sure the dev can help. 
fr.xplod.focal#70502:	   App gives error of "unable to take picture" on Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. Giving it 3 stars because it works totally fine on my GS3. 
fr.xplod.focal#70505:	   Interface is neat with some bugs, but most of the time photos don't get taken. Using stock ROM rooted Nexus 5 
fr.xplod.focal#70507:	   Awesome beta but it appears geotagging doesn't work. Also burst mode is really slow to take each photo. I'd like the interval to be configurable or at least a lot less. Pic sphere crashed when I tried it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70508:	   I tried to snap countless pictures and the app just sits there. I can navigate every setting but the main point that's actually taking pictures didn't work. Needs a fix obviously. Nexus 5 stock not rooted. 
fr.xplod.focal#70510:	   Finally! A camera app for Android full of manual options and not just girly filters and effects. The only option missing in my opinion is ISO. My suggestion though is for the options bar to take up the entire lenght of the screen. Unfortuantely the app lags...a lot, especially when changing modes. I hope that gets fixed soon. My device is a Galaxy S II i9100, btw 
fr.xplod.focal#70511:	  Crashes on Galaxy S3 with CM11 
fr.xplod.focal#70513:	   This really helped me with my LGG2's really messed up video recording issues. For a beta version is really solid. My only issues are that you need to dissable screen timeout, touch feedback sounds, and that you need to wait a little bit before the image stabilizes, minor issues considering how awful the stock video recorder is. Would glad pay if those are fixed. Well done devs!! 
fr.xplod.focal#70514:	   Just need option of saving pics to other storage... update- xposed picture 2 sd fixed the issue... 
fr.xplod.focal#70516:	   It does not work on Mi phones. 
fr.xplod.focal#70521:	   I love that it offers so much control over photo modes, ISO, etc., and that it's GNU. On my LG G2 it is very buggy (I know it's beta, but it feels more like alpha). Most pics I take end up being completely black, or else no picture takes at all. sometimes it crashes as well. On Android 4.4 but had same issues when I was on 4.2. Will definitely follow this project and keep trying the updates to see if it gets better - - currently it is unusable for me. 
fr.xplod.focal#70523:	   Best cam app unlike those "less camera nd more image editors " but it has a bug dat whenever i switch it to video mode, a grey line of half cm appears permanently on right side of my screen. Hope u fix dat soon nd need more options for HD recording. 
fr.xplod.focal#70524:	   Every time I tried to take a picture on my S4, the app crashed. No matter what, it finds a way to crash. Not reliable at all. Great idea, horrible execution. Also when will this app not be a beta version anymore? It has been long enough. 
fr.xplod.focal#70526:	   It doesn't work on my samsung galaxy core pls fix these problems 
fr.xplod.focal#70527:	   , however my only complaint is that it's not geo tagging my photos... And that is a problem. I've given an extra star from my last review due to its features and growth. I hope to see more. 
fr.xplod.focal#70529:	   One of the best camera app.. Minimal interface.. With lots of hidden windows.. Works really fast.. Though the categorization of options can be improved a bit.. Sometimes the options get overlapped.. Not a big problem though.. Happy snapping..! :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70530:	   Don't work at all. 
fr.xplod.focal#70533:	   Doesn't matter if it's not working at 100% on my nexus 5 sometime the picture doesn't save properly but perfection will come with time. If you can update this project more often will be great! 
fr.xplod.focal#70538:	   Took a great video of my kid that I wanted to share with my family, but it didn't save anywhere. Lesson learned, I'm staying away from beta for my camera application. Gets two stars for being a legitimate app that isn't just here to mine my data. 
fr.xplod.focal#70539:	   Great app. A few bugs here and there but it's expected. UI is good although scrolling down on the task to get the gallery opened takes a lot of getting used too. I would love the Moto X's slow motion feature. Maybe even the Note III's. 4/5 Good job. Cant wait for the next version. 
fr.xplod.focal#70541:	   Not only that,when video recording there is power saver mode on when the phone not touch by it's input and lock the phone when recording. Programming failure. This app came with cyanogenmod and I thought it is good but not even close to CyanogenMod greatness. This app is beta for too long. 
fr.xplod.focal#70543:	   without asking me or providing a way to get it out. I am not amused. (Star N9599T, rooted but otherwise standard) 
fr.xplod.focal#70547:	   I first used this on Cyanogenmod 10.2 on my EVO 4G LTE and now with my HTC One, it force closes after every shot. What gives??? Once it's fixed, I'll rewrite the review once more. 
fr.xplod.focal#70551:	   On my Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II it opens and I can access all the settings but there's a problem with the camera where I have a ton of tiny cameras tiled and squished together and the performance goes way down. I know this is beta so I can't completely rate this down. 
fr.xplod.focal#70552:	   i give five stars since it works on non cyanogenmod now but on the Samsung Infuse 4G running 4.4.2 Beanstalk its not so good i can access the options but they disappear in like 2 Sec and when moving the camera it shakes like crazy but i know its a beta so hopefully the dev can fix this then i can truly mean the 5 star rating and i won't buy the app to support development until it works stable-ish on my phone 
fr.xplod.focal#70554:	   HTC one m7 the flash or torch setting doesn't work while on video . however flash when taking a picture on camera mode does work. Please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#70556:	   Has some rather major bugs on my i9100 kitkat. Starting video recording has unpredictable results more than 50% of the time (hangs / crashes / going back to camera starts the recording / starting to record also takes a corrupted photo / all of the above!!) Great concept and effort tho, my 5 stars go to that, hoping that it will be out of beta soon! 
fr.xplod.focal#70557:	   It has a few bugs but it works great for a BETA. Has a lot of potential. Please help the developer with your feedback. 
fr.xplod.focal#70558:	   But I love this camera app so 4 stars until fixed! 
fr.xplod.focal#70559:	   Just hope it can get an update soon to fix the crashes! I feel like this has the potential to be far superior to the stock nexus 5 camera for sure. 
fr.xplod.focal#70566:	   I have Samsung Galaxy R i9103 with OmniROM 4.4.2 and the app won't work :( I've sent a bug report too, if that helps. I'm hoping that someone makes this app work for me; I saw it on a friend's HTC One and it's amazing! I'm willing to test and send logs if need be. Thanks and keep up the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70569:	   I love this app, well done. The only thing that I miss from the stock camera is GPS tracking, maybe this could be implemented? edit: crashing on mako (3stars) edit: crashing was my fault, it crashes, when immersive mode is on (5stars again) 
fr.xplod.focal#70572:	   Excellent app, but cant Zoom in, it gets force closed & Stability issues Kindly solve it ASAP !! 
fr.xplod.focal#70573:	    on my nexus 4 running cyanogen. Not sure what the problem is. Maybe other users have has a different experience. 
fr.xplod.focal#70575:	   Several issues found in 3 minutes use. Worst problems, couldn't take images in any mode. Force-closed. Navigating application was fine. Just couldn't use camera for anything 
fr.xplod.focal#70576:	   Photos work well. Video, not so much. Screen looks skewed (things appear shorter and wider) when video is selected then crashes upon stopping the recording. No file written. Otherwise, very intuitive, attractive and has great potential as an alternative to a stock camera app.  job dev(s). 
fr.xplod.focal#70582:	   Love this app , it is in beta so yes it lags, yes it has bugs but this is a very good start and I can't wait until this app comes out of beta 
fr.xplod.focal#70584:	   Force closes and problem in focusing but over all good and simple no shutter speed control in sp. 
fr.xplod.focal#70586:	   Love the fact that it has photosphere, which makes it a more likely replacement app. The viewfinder on the Nexus 5 needs to be fixed. It displays 16:9 yet takes 4:3 images, the same issue that still plagues the stock app. The UI is wonderful however. 
fr.xplod.focal#70587:	   Few bugs but it's beta. To me the best camera around. Can't wait for them to keep upgrading this 
fr.xplod.focal#70588:	   Just installed five minutes ago, took on picture, app crashed. Completely lock up phone. No wonder Cyanogen Mod pulled this app from current releases. Wish I good give 0 stars but.... 
fr.xplod.focal#70590:	   But it crashes a lot when taking pictures with flash. Please fix. 
fr.xplod.focal#70592:	   The app crashes when you change it to video mode 
fr.xplod.focal#70595:	   For some reason the HDR is not working and does 3 separate pictures instead of a combined one. Please fix. 
fr.xplod.focal#70600:	   Installed based on reviews, but app always crashes on start, didn't even have chance to test. Uninstalled 
fr.xplod.focal#70601:	   Just PicSphere doesn't work correctly 
fr.xplod.focal#70603:	   The app doesn't work on my Nexus 7 2013 tablet. 
fr.xplod.focal#70608:	   The ui is fantastic but the flash doesnt work correctly, it just turns on when you fpcus the picture and the turns off when the picture is taken. Fix that for five stars if everything else continues to work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70609:	   I look forward 2 updates however I've had to uninstall it because it causes issues 
fr.xplod.focal#70611:	   The app is great but occasionally the photo you take will be displayed/saved as a black screen. Not talking about dark images. Just a black image. It is not constant. Please fix. It gave a new life to my N4 camera :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70612:	   image rotation is an issue. Also the video camera freezes, but this may be a Samsung issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#70613:	   I have installed it in my galaxy grand duos. It works poorly, always crashed, camera shoot is good but other functions are poor (video, paronama, sphere, front facing). Interface design is nice, but it's stuck sometimes and I want each menu disappear when touch other menus. Shutter speed is slow as well as pictures saving to SD card. When I touched 2 icon above, it's linked to stock gallery. It's just not good. Photo quality is not as good as stock app. Totally pls help improve more to fit mid range devices 
fr.xplod.focal#70614:	   Photo sphere no work 
fr.xplod.focal#70616:	   After i took the pic, the create date of the pic is showing 1970-01-01. Pls fix it. Thanks 
fr.xplod.focal#70618:	    and love the way it works. The problem is with the bugs. Have a lots and lots of bugs. But since it's a beta and with great features, giving 5 stars. (Y) 
fr.xplod.focal#70620:	   Only issue is one of my pictures glitched and half of the picture looks like it's in hyperspace. Only used it for a dozen pictures, only had the problem once. May just be a one-time issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#70625:	   This Came got Potential but need Optimizaztion. There are a lot of Bug that need to be fix. 5 Star for this Awesome App. 
fr.xplod.focal#70627:	   Flash light not working after update 
fr.xplod.focal#70629:	   Would be nice if the files could be read. Running CM 11 on Galaxy S4 AT&T (JFLTEATT). Nothing else wrong, just can't open the images... 
fr.xplod.focal#70630:	   Love this, but... PicSphere is not working and crashes. Other than that seems really good. 
fr.xplod.focal#70631:	   I suggest that you fix this bug. When auto enhancing if you go to the home screen, this image is destroyed. 
fr.xplod.focal#70635:	   Just a couple issues. I realize its in beta so I just wanted to mention these... switching from video to photo freezes it and on the video screen there's about an eighth of an inch of gray screen on the right side in portrait. Great app except for that. And if they would add storage on SD that would be great too! 
fr.xplod.focal#70636:	   Very buggy and crashes often on LGOGP. 
fr.xplod.focal#70640:	   Please update and fix video record for s4 
fr.xplod.focal#70642:	   Everytime I try to get a nice photo sphere shots it crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#70644:	   PicSphere crashes. 
fr.xplod.focal#70647:	   It is an awesome app for photos but when i turn the video camera on it crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#70649:	   App takes good pictures but freezes and crashes after each picture. So basically you can only take one picture then you have to restart your phone to take another. 
fr.xplod.focal#70652:	   Works pretty smoothly. only issue im having is i can't seem to be able to set my default save location to my SD card as opposed to onboard storage. Also cause Mightytext (app which syncs text messages and photos with chrome extension) to crash. 
fr.xplod.focal#70653:	   But last update destroyed the app and every time I click the shutter screen goes black and app force closes. I had to uninstall for now because it's useless like this but I'm hoping this problem gets solved quickly. I want to make this the default camera on my S4. 
fr.xplod.focal#70660:	   Currently totally not working on HTC Desire S [Saga] with latest KitKat build (Andromadus Flinny).. Just not responding black screen on start. Sent report via Google Play. Waiting for soon fixes! 
fr.xplod.focal#70665:	   States that it cannot connect to my camera!! Seems it was a Cyanogen problem 
fr.xplod.focal#70666:	   Crashes on a Verizon Galay S4 when opening PicSphere 
fr.xplod.focal#70671:	   I have a Samsung Galaxy Express. It did not work. kept crashing. instead of a picture I got a grid and each square had what the camera saw. then it crashed. then nothing really worked. I know your stuff works with CM, but just not here. 
fr.xplod.focal#70672:	   Fix the picture rotation issue and add option to store to external sd and this is 5 star. 
fr.xplod.focal#70673:	   Selecting Photosphere crashes the app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70678:	   I can see this app being the go to app for the camera but there is some improvements to be made. I tried to use the camera in the panorama mode but it shuts down. The frustrating part is when it shuts down, it doesn't allow me to send in a crash report so that the powers that be can see what may or may not be happening. 
fr.xplod.focal#70679:	   Sorry but this app doesn't even seem high priority from the looks of it, it's still not that different from since before it was releases and the same problems still exist thus making it unusable still, and a bad replacement for stock camera. Too many force closes at bad times. 
fr.xplod.focal#70683:	   This is the only camera app that'll get a good close-up focus, and that'll capture clear, in-focus video on my device. Actual pictures often look better/more in-focus than the preview. Only a few issues: - Picture orientation is often wrong. Not a big deal, but a minor annoyance. - Actual pictures taken capture much more around the edges than is shown in preview - Doesn't register as a camera app to most device services - No option to choose where photos are saved Please fix soon. Thanks, dev! 
fr.xplod.focal#70686:	   Has a lot of promise and I like the UI but had an issue with video mode having a gray area down the right side of the display. When trying to switch from video mode to camera mode, it freezes and sometimes you have to restart the app to go back to camera mode. Uninstalled for now. 
fr.xplod.focal#70687:	   Please fix the Video Mode and other features. 
fr.xplod.focal#70691:	   When it runs it's very well thought out and nice to use. It does crash often on Galaxy Note 3 a lot tho which is a shame. Still... its a good beta : ) 
fr.xplod.focal#70694:	   I like that I may choose the focal point(and all of the other camera settings). Now it just needs to take the picture... Update fixed this problem. Great app. now I'm going to try it on all of my other Android devices 
fr.xplod.focal#70699:	   On the LG Optimus 4x HD, which uses a Tegra 3 SoC, camera performance needs much improvement as it only seems to run at 17FPS. The UI is smooth at times, but there are rotation issues (photos do not show in their correct orientation in previews, pinned options are rotated -90). Also needs options to choose storage location, overlay time and date, and change/disable camera shutter sound. 4 out 5 stars, an easy five with these improvements. 
fr.xplod.focal#70701:	   Video recording does not work. This app ruined a video I really wanted to record, it just has that saving icon top left and nothing. Nothing saved. Useless app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70702:	   Auto enhancement was great on my front camera, but it crashes when trying on my rear camera. (Xperia S CyanogenMod 11 beta 3) 
fr.xplod.focal#70703:	   3d sphere photo not working 
fr.xplod.focal#70706:	   Just hoping that it will get updated to work better. Its laggy and sometimes freezes the phone and picsphere won't work. Fix and 5 stars is yours 
fr.xplod.focal#70708:	   This app work as good or better than the stock photo app. I like the interface better. The picsphere mode crashes on my stock sprint gs4. 
fr.xplod.focal#70712:	   While this promises to be a worthy alternative to the stock camera app, it is extremely unreliable. It just hangs and crashes to often, usually requiring a reboot before the phone's camera can be used again. Net result, not usable yet. 
fr.xplod.focal#70713:	   I am using this on unrooted stock NOTE3LTE mj7.. Though the app crashes when I try to launch photosphere.. Sometimes it gets stuck when I fiddle with settings, go to/fro image preview quickly etc.. prompting me to relaunch the app.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70715:	   Once finished, I'd say this is the best app for camera. Couldn't get flash to work on camera on exhibit 2, 
fr.xplod.focal#70716:	   Does not work on s2 all I'm getting is a black screen and the focus icon 
fr.xplod.focal#70717:	   Samsung S3. App opens up but doesn't save any images taken. Reinstalled and images are saved this time but as blank black images. 
fr.xplod.focal#70719:	   There is one problem on my p1000 tablet just when I press the shutter button it freezes for a few secs then stops 
fr.xplod.focal#70721:	  Photosphere doesn't work right on my phone. 
fr.xplod.focal#70724:	   But fixed it for samsung s3 and give a lot beautiful effect 
fr.xplod.focal#70725:	   It's a really good camera the only problem seems to be that every time I use the front facing camera the pictures come out upside down for some odd reason, other than that it's a 5/5 
fr.xplod.focal#70738:	   This app is not working for Skyrocket - not in CM 10.2 and not in CM 11. Any fixes needed? 
fr.xplod.focal#70740:	   Amazing app. Much better than the stock camera. -please fix camera zoom.. Zooming causes a kernel crash on cm10.2.0 with my lg ls970. -is there any way to implement a manual focus? That would be awesome. 
fr.xplod.focal#70743:	   I run Cyanogenmod 10.2.0 and I don't like the included camera app. I want to take "widescreen" photos, and it won't let me. Focal will though. The settings are easier to navigate, the shutter speed is way faster, and it seemed to run smoother overall, BUT, it crashed my phone and forced a reboot during every photosphere attempt, every self-facing picture attempt, and 60% of standard photos. To me, this is unusable. Uninstalled. 
fr.xplod.focal#70745:	   You guys need to allow individuals to maintain for different devices otherwise this will always have problems for some device 
fr.xplod.focal#70746:	   Doesnt take pictures or anything on Samsung Galaxy 2. I've seen amazing work done with this app on other phones so please fix this. 
fr.xplod.focal#70748:	   Galaxy s3 running CyanogenMod. Front camera freezes and restarts the phone every time. Pictures are washed out. Photosphere is really cheesy and not working well. Good luck 
fr.xplod.focal#70750:	   I love it on my N4. and it works great. It has issues on the N10. The app does not seem to auto rotate the display so almost impossible to use. It does take the photos correctly though. Update 12/10/13. The app now auto rotates on my N4. It would be nice to be able to swipe to the gallery. 
fr.xplod.focal#70755:	   Downloaded solely for the PhotoSphere functionality that is not present on the stock S4. Previously it would not render a full sphere properly, this version just crashes when I choose the PhotoSphere. 
fr.xplod.focal#70756:	   Samsung GT-I9300, cyanogenmod 10.2.x -- app is very slow and will crash quite often. It takes for ever to save photos and sometimes will save a blank screen. I guess its not compatible with S3. 
fr.xplod.focal#70765:	   Great picture quality and many more options than the stock app, but you may have to put up with the occasional crash. 
fr.xplod.focal#70767:	   App options are not aligned properly . pls fix it 
fr.xplod.focal#70769:	   I got it installed without problem. On 1st launch, it only displays a black screen with the normal control button on the side. I'm running KitKat 4.4.2 on a i9505 (non Google edition) 
fr.xplod.focal#70770:	   The best camera app! I like it couse very fast focus. I have one problem, when recording a video, my screan turn off after 30 sec I can fix that on debugging mode but it will be nice to fix that. 
fr.xplod.focal#70771:	   But doesn't work on all android phones 
fr.xplod.focal#70773:	   i really loved this camera but there shuold be a thing that i can shut down the sound when i am taking a photo. and there are some crashes and i cant zoom in or out in video waiting for updates!!!!! i know this camera can be great!!!! 
fr.xplod.focal#70775:	   Now let's get the kinks out! Hate the stock Motorola app on the Maxx running JB. CameraZoom is too clunky. Finding the following bugs: - front cam produces upside-down pix - panorama setting produces 90 rotated frames that crash Gallery - white balance and effects tend to clash w/each other. Eventually leading to 0-byte photos 
fr.xplod.focal#70780:	   Nice feature set. I have a moto x and in some affects it locks up the camera. Also odd Grey bar on right side. If not for those issues I would give it full stars. Love the interface! 
fr.xplod.focal#70781:	   But I cannot save photos to sd card with it? AF is impossibly slow. sgs2 with omnirom 4.4.1 here 
fr.xplod.focal#70782:	   crash every time after the last update, went back to the older version. 
fr.xplod.focal#70783:	   First time I'm using it, it's looks like an awesome and the best camera apps I ever used, I'm really lovin it. So many tools, easy to used, until I found some bugs, and many tools doesn't work ; 1. Flash on = focal will closed 2. ISO = doesn't work 3. Color adjust = doesn't work Etc... I know this is Beta version, so i decided to waiting the next update version, for now, I just wanna give 2 stars, real point right now just 1,7. 
fr.xplod.focal#70784:	   I'm using stock Android 4.4 on a moto x and the photo sphere makes my phone get super hot. Not even riptide 2 compares. Also, there is a get bar on the right side of the screen most of the time. A lot of the effects don't work too.... Oh! And 90% of the time it says "unable to connect to camera" <-- that's the biggest issue. . . . . . .I still really like what you guys are doing though! I hope stock KitKat gets some love soon :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70785:	   Focal offers a lot of control, and is showing lots of promise! Having so much control can make it a little unwieldy on a phone. A couple of controls are not working on my HTC One, but otherwise, nice camera. 
fr.xplod.focal#70789:	   Tasted in KitKat, but it have some bugs, sometimes the flash don't work and the effects stop working, often do not take the photo and the auto focus is slow, please fix that! Because I love this app. 
fr.xplod.focal#70791:	   Nothing great. Ui is bad and the design is not intuitive . spherical panorama doesn't work on note 3 
fr.xplod.focal#70797:	   Focus doesn't work at all...no hdr mode...S4 user..good UI 
fr.xplod.focal#70798:	  Doesn't work with Nexus 5 
fr.xplod.focal#70799:	   This app has come a long way from crashing my (VZW) GSIII. It's still has its quirks, however. When taking a portrait picture, they are all turning up in landscape (and vice versa) in the Google+ "Photos" app. I want to use Focal as my main photo app, but I don't think I could stand having to rotate all my photos. However, the UI is so much better than the stock (vanilla- running CM10.2) android one, I wish Google would buy it or take cues from this dev. 
fr.xplod.focal#70801:	   Its a beta so can't be too hard on it. But it has a lot of focusing issues on my HTC One. Menu needs some work. And quality of photos it produces aren't quite up to par. Also noticed no option to save GPS location in photos. 
fr.xplod.focal#70804:	   Picsphere not working properly, lag, etc.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70806:	   Works better than stock camera on AOKP 4.2.2. Sweet. Auto enhance doesn't work, it takes a picture and becomes black screen. 
fr.xplod.focal#70807:	   This app keeps crashing when I choose the pic sphere option on my Galaxy S4 
fr.xplod.focal#70808:	   Works great with the nexus 5, auto focus is so much faster than the stock camera app, on my asus transformer prime its doesn't work as great, everything is displayed sidewayseven the photos that are just taken, HDR doesn't combine the photos yet, app is improving and has so much potential. 
fr.xplod.focal#70810:	   Looks like it would be great but it does not work on this phone. 
fr.xplod.focal#70812:	    but picsphere doesn't work.when ever I take a picture it won't work. 
fr.xplod.focal#70814:	   Crashes on lock screen. Pictosphere takes forever and won't stop the camera when progressing. Too many menu try to appear on swipe too easily. 
fr.xplod.focal#70815:	   I know it says in the description that it's in BETA but it's not working at all. They should wait until they have a slightly stable version before releaseing it. I have a Galaxy S4 which is no low end phone so it's definitely not the phone. 
fr.xplod.focal#70817:	   It's in beta so it will crash, but it's a great start. 
fr.xplod.focal#70818:	   Android 4.3.1 on cm10.2 - camera works pretty good for photos. I tested most of the functions and they seem smooth and flawless. The app crashes when I switch to video mode. Can't wait for this to get out of beta, it will likely be my camera of choice once it's stable. 
fr.xplod.focal#70821:	   No hold shutter to focus Pic sphere not working No undo button after delete 
fr.xplod.focal#70822:	  Flash still goes off after disabling on the N4. Pls fix, thanks! 
fr.xplod.focal#70824:	   Still doesn't work on Nexus 5. Installs and opens okay, but when one tries to take a picture gets a "cannot take picture" error. 
fr.xplod.focal#70826:	   Definite improvements over the last time I had this installed. PicSphere still causes crashes at this point, but overall stability is much better, as is the antishake feature. 
fr.xplod.focal#70827:	   It's working after the developer updates the app (don't know exactly when). It's almost functional eventhough it's crashes a lot. For example the PicSphere. But I definitely can see potential from this. Keep up the good work :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70828:	   Really liked the app, but it stopped working on Xperia Z. 
fr.xplod.focal#70832:	   4.1.2 Black screen with red focal reticule. I would really like to use this camera app because I used it on my HTC One S with CM 10.2 until my digitizer went bad. Please fix the bug and I'm giving 5 stars because I know you guys will fix it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70837:	   HTC one s cyanogenmod Bugs: Pressing the sidebar widgets makes them "stick" selected (stay highlighted in blue even though the widgets panel is closed), which looks sloppy and annoying. The photo review panel (top) slides awkwardly and takes a few swipes sometimes to get it to do what you want it to do. The sidebar should be disabled while in the photo review panel, you shouldn't be able to slide it out, it looks sloppy and its useless. Macro mode? Does it do this automatically by detecting the focus? 
fr.xplod.focal#70840:	   Nexus 4 Love this app, im getting much better results with the camera than I had with the standard camera app which has focusing issues. But I have a problem which I cant see mentioned anywhere else where all my pics get a modified time of 1/1/1970, meaning they are always at the bottom of my photo lists. The created time and the filename is correct, but the modified time is always wrong. As a feature request, id like to be able to define the naming convention. Keep it up, fix the time issue and ill happily pay for it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70843:	   It's imposible to make this app working. I wrote dev but I got no answer. What he did was, before when the app froze or force closed I could send reports. After the last update, the app close and I can't even send reports. Since my last report passed like two months and all this time nothing was fixed. Uninstalling, stock so does the same things and even better. All I wanted was picsphere which isn't working. 
fr.xplod.focal#70845:	   This app is clearly still beta and as such will have bugs so no complaints hence the 5 star rating. Love what your trying to do and I hope you get it right... I'll be buying the donate version any minute to help support development. Thank you! Also if you need a D2VZW tester shoot me an email :) 
fr.xplod.focal#70846:	   Sometimes "unable to take photos" error pops up for no reason. Sometimes this app even crashes my camera. Camera won't with again until a reboot 
fr.xplod.focal#70847:	   This is an excellent app.. thr r a few visual bugs though.. Scrolling in the left menu isnt perfect. And a tab for focus settings is very imp.. a touch focus feature should give this app an excellent addon. And video mode fc's a lot on my mb526- rooted to 4.1.2 
fr.xplod.focal#70852:	   The best app so far, have some issues but understandable (since it's a beta) Two major issue I run into: 1) strange aspect ratio while switching between front/back camera. Will recover really soon but I hate it. 2) pull-down gallery preview has a very poor image quality (like jpeg with lowest quality), which makes it nearly no use. Oh, by the way, is it possible to manual focus? (like a webcam, I don't mean manual set auto-focus point) Since I see no camera app can do that but I really want it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70856:	   The camera app has orientation issues cannot take photos on my tablet (Samsung galaxy note 10.1) 
fr.xplod.focal#70858:	   But just to let the developers know.. The hdr function in galaxy s3 causes multiple pics to be taken endlessly after clicking the shoot button once.. Have to press back to stop it. And taking a pic with flash doesn't work 
fr.xplod.focal#70861:	   On stock camera app, videos appear to "breathe" because it's constantly focusing. Doesn't do that with this app. One video bug I've found is that it doesn't record in portrait, only in landscape. 
fr.xplod.focal#70862:	   Used to work great when bundled into cm 10.2. Now I installed it onto the latest cm 10.2 snapshot and it does not work. It does not connect to the camera. Good luck to the developer in fixing all the bugs. 
fr.xplod.focal#70864:	   I'm running an ATT GS4 with CM 10.2. This app used to crash whenever taking a picture, but that was fixed in the latest update. Now, whenever taking a picture, it saves a blank image file onto the phone. This looks like such a great app, and I look forward to more updates! 
fr.xplod.focal#70865:	   I really appreciate all the effort to put together this awesome looking camera. But aspect ratio is messed up for my s4. Also picsphere crashes every time. Please fix it. 
fr.xplod.focal#70868:	   Doesn't work on skyrocket cm10.1 
fr.xplod.focal#70869:	   When using Galaxy s4 with picsphere crashes everytime, Jellybean 4.3 
fr.xplod.focal#70874:	   Big improvement since last time I downloaded. Auto focus is to slow. Needs to be adjusted or you could end up missing your shot. In good lighting picture quality was very close so stock camera. That's saying a lot. Even better than ASOP camera. Didn't find tune settings expect auto settings to work/camera out of the box 
fr.xplod.focal#70878:	    but I don't use it normally because of no external storage option. Please add one? 
fr.xplod.focal#70880:	   Autofocus doesn't work on nexus 4,other than that,everything works good.Fix autofocus and I'll give you 5 stars 
fr.xplod.focal#70886:	   The exposure ring doesn't work correctly , please fix it for Nexus 5 
fr.xplod.focal#70890:	   The main feature I need is pause and resume while recording. App working fine except some bugs. 
fr.xplod.focal#70891:	   It doesn't work properly with the google photo app 
fr.xplod.focal#70893:	   But works much better so far. But I can't find where the high fps video is. That's what I'm really interested in. 
fr.xplod.focal#70897:	   Auto focus for the N4 is completely conked in the latest version. UI seems good but it can be better. How about an option to turn off the shutter sound? Will improve rating once the issues are fixed. Good job! 
fr.xplod.focal#70898:	   Nexus 4. Flash has stopped working again when taking picture whatever the settings. Also preview is much darker than with stock camera 
fr.xplod.focal#70901:	   HDR mode gives me 3 images with no way to compile them. I must be missing something. Disable shutter sound? Auto Enhance not working. 
fr.xplod.focal#70905:	   Not working yet :( . unable connect to camera. 
fr.xplod.focal#70906:	   I want Fibonacci spiral rule as well as other composition guides. It crashes with Picsphere 
fr.xplod.focal#70907:	   Picsphere doesn't work properly on Note 2. 
fr.xplod.focal#70913:	   Worked great on my Moto X until KitKat now the features don't even work with it. Please fix :/ 
fr.xplod.focal#70914:	   Best camera app for S3. Works perfectly on S3 but not so good on Note 3. It crashes when I try to take a picture 
fr.xplod.focal#70915:	  Crashed on galaxy note 3 
fr.xplod.focal#70916:	   The app crashes the moment I click a photo after the last update. Before that after clicking the pic it used to warp the preview/viewfinder . 
fr.xplod.focal#70917:	   Had this app for a month on my galaxy note2 it worked great with a few bugs now and then. Upgraded to note3 and it crashes every time I try to take a pic. 
fr.xplod.focal#70919:	   Hope to see a fix soon. Cheers 
fr.xplod.focal#70920:	   After the October update the app is broken. You can't take a picture any more because the app crashes when you try to take one. Fix this! 
fr.xplod.focal#70922:	   Hi I know i9000 is not a brand new device but anyway: 1) the app is hell slow 2) all the graphic is terribly sized 3) more issues with ui :-) Hope u will fix this some day. Until that I cant give you 5*. Ok i tried it on my i9505 also and ... No development, unstable etc ... You should stay with cm ... You both need each other 
fr.xplod.focal#70924:	   Great app! I can finally override my HTC Ones overzealous ISO settings that turn each picture into a noisy mess. The image preview is a tad laggy though, the actual framerate is low, its not a latency problem. 
fr.xplod.focal#70930:	   VZW Galaxy S4 can't do anything but open the app. Try to take a pic or anything at all, and it just crashes. 
fr.xplod.focal#70931:	  This thing does not work. Open 3 times, crash 3 times. 
fr.xplod.focal#70932:	   I know this is a beta, but the app crashes every single time I try to take a picture. I'll reinstall it when it's no longer a beta and try it then. 
fr.xplod.focal#70934:	   Whenever i take a picture on samsung note 3 it force closes. Is this only me or some other too facing it too. Same force close issue happens on my wife.s sony z1 also.. Pls help. N i wil change 1 star to 5 
fr.xplod.focal#70935:	  Did not work on galaxy s4 gti9500 
fr.xplod.focal#70938:	   the app does not work on my S4 I9500UBUEMJ8. when I take a picture the app made FC o freezes. sorry for my previous rating. I have tried before with Cyanogen Rom and the app is really excellent. Just made my donation, good luck. 
fr.xplod.focal#70940:	   The app keeps crashing and states that it cant find the camera. Cant mak any photos anymore.. 
fr.xplod.focal#70942:	   Still early days, force close every time I take a PIC on a HTC one m7, hopefully an update fixes it 
fr.xplod.focal#70945:	   Everything seems to work great except that it will not work on the lock screen. Running on nexus 4, Jelly Bean and kit kat. 
fr.xplod.focal#70949:	   Not working with nexus 5. When I try to take a picture, it says "cannot take picture" gave it 3 stars because I have used this camera before with my S3 running CM10.2 
fr.xplod.focal#70950:	   Crashed when i took photos 
fr.xplod.focal#70951:	   It looks a great camera app but just crashes every time I press the shutter button 
fr.xplod.focal#70954:	   Force closes as soon as I open the app. Doesn't work on 4.3 Virgin ROM or Wicked Rom. Strange thing is the original Focal from Cyanogenmod works fine. 
fr.xplod.focal#70956:	   As soon as I take a photo So it doesn't take any photo No low rate as I am waiting for a fix Htc one gpe stock 
fr.xplod.focal#70958:	   - shutter lag for S4 - PicSphere crashes and not able to enter this mode - lags when changing mode - slow animation 
fr.xplod.focal#70959:	   Please fix the slow motion on this app I have gs3 4.3 once fixed I'll rate 5 stars 
fr.xplod.focal#70961:	   I loved this on my Nexus 4, but it won't work on the Nexus 5...please show this device some love because the stock camera sucks! 
fr.xplod.focal#70963:	   Crash after crash. Uninstall very fast! 
fr.xplod.focal#70964:	   Unfortunately crashed every time I started to take a photo. 
fr.xplod.focal#70965:	   It has nice features like PicSphere! :D However sometimes it also crashes :( Because it is still in beta (so acceptable). 
fr.xplod.focal#70970:	   No crashes. Everything seems to work fine except for one.. It doesn't save pictures! Uninstalling. 
fr.xplod.focal#70975:	   Menus work fine. Soon as I take a picture it crashes though. 
fr.xplod.focal#70976:	   Doesn't work on the LG G2 stock and custom rom. Both times after taking a picture the app force closes. 
fr.xplod.focal#70980:	   Very good Crashes on note 3 
fr.xplod.focal#70981:	   Worked well on cyanogenmod, unfortunately it's not working on my international S4. Will keep checking back. 
fr.xplod.focal#70984:	   Freezez and crashes every time I try to take a pic. Using note 3 
fr.xplod.focal#70986:	   UI is great but force closes when shutter is pressed. Photo is not saved before force closing 
fr.xplod.focal#70987:	   I wish the viewfinder just used the native aspect ratio of the camera instead of copying googles awful stock camera. I've also had problems where in photo and video's viewfinder getting stretched weird though the pictures turn out okay. Looking forward to more updated especially on that viewfinder 
fr.xplod.focal#70988:	   Just crashes on DROID DNA when taking photo. 
fr.xplod.focal#70989:	   Great app, better than the stock one haven't found any issues with it even knowing it's beta. It's simple and easy to use and gives you more control keep making awesome apps.! 
fr.xplod.focal#70993:	   Every time I take a picture it crashes on the s4 please fix and I'll give 5 starts amazing app 
fr.xplod.focal#70995:	   EDIT: even after up date still won't work on Hercules running CM The UI is amazing everything about it seems so Much better than my stock app just can't take pics yet 
fr.xplod.focal#70996:	   Doesn't work on my Galaxy S2x. App launches but cannot connect to camera. Eventually freezes forcing me to hard reboot. 
fr.xplod.focal#70997:	   The stock cm cam couldn't Co ordinate the flash and the shutter so the flash was useless. This works perfectly. However I couldn't find the save to SD card/phone memory option. 
fr.xplod.focal#70999:	   One can directly measure a developer's ego by how long a piece of code stays in beta/alpha. It is now obvious that this application will be a hit and miss at it's best as it is still unstable and unreliable. No point in trying to send problem reports as there will be a typical elitist comment although the app is clearly buggy. Charging USD 4.00 for beta software is just insane! 
fr.xplod.focal#71000:	   On my Xperia l over the top of the screen some data is missing like if "processing" it's only "ssing" please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#71003:	   No bad things to say except... Adding it as a replacement for the lock screen camera doesn't really work, always forces me to unlock. Fixing this would make this a five-starrer! 
fr.xplod.focal#71005:	   It was awesome and working fine but now photos don't even load which is captured using focal and an error mark is shown plzzzzz fix it I'm using Xperia L 
fr.xplod.focal#71007:	   But it crashes when trying to take a photo on my S4 Google Play edition. 
fr.xplod.focal#71011:	   When attempting to take pictures, it crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#71012:	   It wont take a picture. I even got a message saying can't take picture. The shutter button is a little off screen and too small. In other modes it's uncentered. It doesn't seem to focus very well either. I have high hopes for this app. Please fix the issue about not being able to take a picture at all. 
fr.xplod.focal#71013:	   I like the layout and the functonality of it. The only problem, which is a big one for me, is that it doesn't work well when rotated which means I can't use it properly on my transformer. 
fr.xplod.focal#71016:	   App works on my nexus 7 but not on new nexus 5 hope this gets fixed quickly. 
fr.xplod.focal#71017:	   It keeps crashing when taking even normal photos. 
fr.xplod.focal#71018:	   The app has pretty cool features, but crashes sometimes when changing settings 
fr.xplod.focal#71020:	   Does not work with my galaxy s4 . rooted and running CM10.2 *latest nightly* T-Mobile variant. :'/ does not take video or picture crashes and have to reset phone to try again. 
fr.xplod.focal#71021:	   Please allow us to store pictures to external sd. Also doesn't work on nexus 5. 
fr.xplod.focal#71022:	   This is a nice app with a lot of features and functionality. One issue I am having is that it doesn't always save the pictures - has happened to me many times. 
fr.xplod.focal#71025:	   The update has made taking pictures more reliable. EDIT: apparently not add reliable as I thought. Had it continually crash on me and save only 25% of the pictures I took in succession. Will likely just wait until this app leaves Beta or at least a couple more updates. The app is a little slow to open compared to the stock camera app and I can't seem to get my pictures to save to my SD card. 
fr.xplod.focal#71028:	   I love it . But when i capture the picture on my samsung galaxy s4 it closes automaticly. Fix it and i will donate. Please fix this issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#71030:	   As it is, I don't have much use for this app, getting too many FCs, hope these will be fixed in next version. 
fr.xplod.focal#71036:	   Repeatedly crashed my s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71037:	   Looks promising, but does not work on Hercules running CM 10.2 Nightly. 
fr.xplod.focal#71038:	   Lots of features in a free camera app. My first experience with it is when it came preloaded on a custom ROM. The orientation is wrong on my Asus tf300 though. Couldn't find any orientation option. Too bad. Was hoping to use it for the PicSphere mode. 
fr.xplod.focal#71040:	   please fix lg g2 
fr.xplod.focal#71044:	   Functions seem to work fine, but cannot get it to actually take a picture. Nice app otherwise. 
fr.xplod.focal#71046:	   But it doesn't work on SG2 i9100. Can't line up photos and moves camera all by its self. 
fr.xplod.focal#71047:	   If I take pic message pop up camera stop working 
fr.xplod.focal#71050:	   Doesn't work on HTC One. Tried with stock rom, custom rom - still force closes ... 
fr.xplod.focal#71052:	   On note 3 .. have it fixed should be good 
fr.xplod.focal#71056:	   The camera works great ton of feature better then default. However there are a lot of bugs in other camera features on Nexus 4 panorama is flipped sideways. videos are flipped in gallery. Pic spheres do not render into spheres but into sperate images. Its still in beta so thing like that are expected hopefully future updates will work better Update: The panoramas and videos views are now oriented the right way. However the video view now has a grey bar on the right side, the pic spheres still open right 
fr.xplod.focal#71057:	   I've used a lot of camera apps and this blows them all away. The only reason I'm giving 4 starts is when I upload a photo to Facebook its always sideways. I can rotate it on Facebook. I'm not sure if their is a setting I'm over looking or something the dev needs to address. Once this is fixed its 5 starts from me and I'll purchase the donate version. 
fr.xplod.focal#71060:	   Sadly this isn't working on the Nexus 5 yet. Miss this great camera app. Hopefully gets supported soon. Thanks for your hard work.. 
fr.xplod.focal#71062:	   Great app but a little buggy. The features allow me to overlook spontaneous app crashes. But if you set it to the default camera app, you have to unlock your phone to use it compared to googles default where you can swipe over on the lockscreen. Regardless, fantastic application. 
fr.xplod.focal#71063:	   Camera image is very dark and gives an error about unable to capture when you try to take a picture. 
fr.xplod.focal#71064:	   Xperia z front camera is slightly off centre, resulting in grey bar. Also I can't actually take a photo. This is the best I can do as far as a bug report gos hope it helps (cm10.2) 
fr.xplod.focal#71066:	   Keeps crashing after I take a picture (which doesn't get saved BTW). I so want this app to work properly! 
fr.xplod.focal#71068:	   Doesn't work on , please make it compatible! 
fr.xplod.focal#71076:	   Smoother now though had some crashes. This is all good for a beta! Thank you developer 
fr.xplod.focal#71079:	   Had hoped they got this fixed. But, it still crashes when you hit the shutter button. Also looks warped and appears rotated. 
fr.xplod.focal#71080:	   This is a great app, the responsiveness of the shutter is fantastic. I have been using it with great satisfaction in the Nexus 4. However, it doesn't work in the Nexus 5. Let's hope in a quick update to fix that. 
fr.xplod.focal#71081:	   By far the best camera app around in terms of features (better than apps costing lots of $$). Love the interface! That said, it is still a beta release, and have had problems with app draining the battery (other reviews mention this as well). When battery usage issue is addressed, it's a 5 star app! 
fr.xplod.focal#71083:	  Stopped working on HTC One Google Play Editiob 
fr.xplod.focal#71085:	   Doesn't seem to want to take pictures on the nexus 5 probably due to 4.4. Shame because this is so much better than the stock camera app. I know that the devs will be working on this issue anyway so keep up the good work guys! 
fr.xplod.focal#71086:	   Does not save images, I just get a broken file symbol in gallery, S3 running latest CM M snapshot. Possibly something to do with the recent Google photo app? 
fr.xplod.focal#71088:	   I every time videos recorded automatically focal stoped and close...fix it 
fr.xplod.focal#71090:	   Previously was working great but it currently crashes upon taking a pic on my s4 android 4.3. 
fr.xplod.focal#71091:	   Still crashes on my Galaxy S2 upon opening. Black screen with button. Cannot interact with interface. Looking forward to what comes down the pipes later. 
fr.xplod.focal#71092:	   Samsung s4 VZW 4.3.3 picsphere crashes the app...fix and it's 5 stars 
fr.xplod.focal#71093:	   Every time I touch the picture button to take a picture it always crashes. PLEASE FIX 
fr.xplod.focal#71096:	   The app runs fine, but the ability to take photos is completely broken. Hoping for a fix soon, Nexus 5 really needs a better camera app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71097:	   Dark shots and unable to take pictures on Nexus 5 running KitKat. Please fix it so we don't have to use the sloppy stock app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71102:	   Settings look plentiful and powerful but it crashes on my HTC One with 4.4. 
fr.xplod.focal#71105:	   app keep crashing on samsung s4 - i9500 (3g). 
fr.xplod.focal#71107:	   Samsung GSII CM10.1 - Focal won't access the camera anymore. No errors, just no camera view, front or back. Just doesn't seem to be accessing the hardware. 
fr.xplod.focal#71109:	   The app looks beautiful. But it crashes on my LG G2 
fr.xplod.focal#71113:	   It isn't working properly on HTC sensation XE with CyanogenMod 10.1 
fr.xplod.focal#71115:	   They pic sphere function is a guaranteed crash for the app, it didn't use to cause the app to fail. The inconsistencies in the app make me fearful to try and capture pictures with it in its current state 
fr.xplod.focal#71117:	   Edit: now with the latest version it keeps a wakelock that destroys your battery. Booo!!! I lost a photo :( Be careful previewing apparently... Additionally, zooming out when already zoomed out doesn't work (FC) Hiding the menus you bring up is hard to get to go away. 
fr.xplod.focal#71119:	   crashes on Note 3 (9005), unable to take pics or photospheres. So, doesn't work at all, hope to see a fix soon. 
fr.xplod.focal#71120:	   The app has a nice feel to it, many features, but still has some issues to work out through the beta test. In my note 2, the app begins to lag on taking pics, then freezes after the picture is taken and never processes the image. This seems to happen after the first image is taken. This has the ability to be a great app, I plan to keep it and follow the progress of it. 
fr.xplod.focal#71121:	   Love the app, but it tends to crash if you take too many pictures in quick succession. Sort this and I'll re-rate. 
fr.xplod.focal#71122:	   Doesn't work well on note 2. Wouldn't recommend at all. 
fr.xplod.focal#71135:	   that it don't work on Xperia J. Opening app normaly and just dont want to open back cam. Just opening front one. I hope that you will fix it soon ^^ :thumbsup: 
fr.xplod.focal#71137:	   I am using this camera on a LG Options G. I have had issues with it freezing right after taking a pic and when reviewing. I have to force close it to unfreeze it. This makes it too unreliable to use. I like the features and layout so I hope that issues will be resolved in the future so I can use it again. 
fr.xplod.focal#71140:	   I got a funny birthday card from my wife that includes - on the inside - a drawing of Homer Simpson in his underwear. While this camera app will take and store a photo of the front of the card, every picture I have taken of the inside of the card will not save to the camera roll on the phone. Other apps have no problem with photographing the inside of this card - I can only assume that the app filters "obscene" pictures for some reason? 
fr.xplod.focal#71141:	   The overall layout and general idea is great and gets 5 stars. BUT it doesn't work correctly on my HTC One X. For some strange reason the problem I had earlier fixed itself after I wrote it here However, images are now cropped very strange. I take a photo and it is more than it was on the screen. (It's much more of the surrounding) 
fr.xplod.focal#71142:	   Looking forward to seeing this beta progress. 2 crashes so far, stopped responding while trying to display the new user hint while trying to take a picsphere (bug report sent), and then an FC after reaching 33% of rendering a picsphere. I imagine when this app is in full swing it will be awesome. Keep up the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#71143:	  Looks good and I like what you are doing. That being said on a lg g2(Verizon) with CyanogenMod 10.2 the app crashes when you take a picture 
fr.xplod.focal#71144:	   I'm trying to run this on the Galaxy Note 3 and when I try and snap a photo, it freezes up and then crashes. Looking at the GUI, I love the features offered up. Can't wait for this to come out of beta. Will go to 5 stars when they get it stable. 
fr.xplod.focal#71146:	   The app is full featured and certainly better than the stock android one. Of course it has it's bugs and qwerks but it just needs time. 
fr.xplod.focal#71147:	   doesnt works force closes when trying to capture images....pleasr fix it 
fr.xplod.focal#71150:	  Nicely styled app, with a sleek interface, but has some bugs to work out.tThis app is very stylish, but when I try to take a photo, the screen freezes for 5 seconds and then goes black for 6 seconds. This is on an S4. There are how ever no other problems to report. 
fr.xplod.focal#71151:	   Focal has some very nice features but all the bugs and crashes render it useless. Panorama feature is broken and the app crashes every time the video mode is switched on. This app has good potential if the issues are addressed. With so many good camera apps coming up, can't wait for ever for these bus to get fixed. 
fr.xplod.focal#71155:	   Every time you take a picture the app force closes so it's useless until there is a fix 
fr.xplod.focal#71156:	   When I click to take a picture, it crashes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71160:	   As others have said, since the last update the app now fc whenever the shutter is pressed making the app nigh on useless. I'm leaving the rating at 2 stars as i know the potential is there, but cannot rate any higher on an app THAT DOES NOT WORK 
fr.xplod.focal#71168:	   Can't take pictures on my phone. Shutter button crashes app. Rating 3 for now because photosphere is actually working though nothing else is. 
fr.xplod.focal#71170:	   Please fix when I use this on my s4 it lags out and says not responding when I take a picture please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#71171:	   Love the app became my main camera when with cyanogen mod glad came to the market only issue right now with the app is the camera doesn't start up on GS2 
fr.xplod.focal#71174:	   This camera worked great until the latest update for the galaxy s4. It now crashes when I attempt to take a photo. I cleared all settings before trying again, but no luck. Otherwise I love it. 
fr.xplod.focal#71177:	   Latest version crashes continuously on Verizon GS4. Developer doesn't seem in a hurry to fix it. Too bad as it shows such promise 
fr.xplod.focal#71178:	   Using a Nexus 4. It does not work well. Issues with the flash: it does not turn off 
fr.xplod.focal#71179:	   On my Xperia U photosphere doesn't work at all 
fr.xplod.focal#71180:	   Has tons of features and setting very cool. Just not working on my s4 after Android 4.3 update. 
fr.xplod.focal#71181:	   I like the app is better than the stock android camera but there only a problem I encounter is that it closes every time I take a photo on my galaxy s3 please fix that issue thank u 
fr.xplod.focal#71184:	   Galaxy s4 crashes when trying to take photo after update. 
fr.xplod.focal#71185:	   It's only in beta so I expect there to be bugs. The only major bug I have found is that any pictures it takes are not viewable in gallery and when I attempt to view them it fc's gallery. Art s3 
fr.xplod.focal#71187:	   whenever I am trying to change the video quality it stops forcely. Please fix the  as hurry as possible 
fr.xplod.focal#71191:	   Force closes on shutter press. Useless until fixed. HTC One tmobile 
fr.xplod.focal#71200:	   ATT HTC One crashes everytime when shutter is pressed 
fr.xplod.focal#71201:	   Changed to a note 3 from a droid4. App now freezes up my phone and crashs when shutter is pressed. Uninstalled for now but will try again in a month to see it it gets fixed. It was a great app on all my other phones previously. 
fr.xplod.focal#71205:	   Pls fix the picsphere for n4, having a resolution issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#71211:	   It's steadily improving with every release. I'm not having any of the FC issues on my One X that some others are having. 
fr.xplod.focal#71213:	   This looks like a really well thought out app, and will quickly replace the stock camera once the force close issue (on shutter button press) is resolved! Galaxy S4 Google Play Edition (Samsung GT-I9505G) 4.3 
fr.xplod.focal#71215:	   Its very good Camera app. But unfortunately its crashing after saving to disk in galaxy s3 I9300. 
fr.xplod.focal#71217:	   Won't take a picture, please fix that 
fr.xplod.focal#71219:	   I couldn't get this app fast enough when I found it it was available. It was working great until this last update now like others mine FC's when I try to take a photo. Fix this and rating goes up 
fr.xplod.focal#71221:	   Hope this gets fixed soon :-( Galaxy S4 
fr.xplod.focal#71225:	   Before you split from CyanogenMod, Focal worked perfectly on my LG Optimus G Pro. Now it either crashes instantly or takes a blank picture. 
fr.xplod.focal#71226:	   It never processes the photos it just take three photos and never combines them please fix this and it will be the camera I always use 
fr.xplod.focal#71229:	   Most things work okay, but please fix the rotation/orientation issues. Every single photo comes out in a different orientation from what it was taken in. My only option is to manually rotate each photo in gallery after I take them! Please fix! 
fr.xplod.focal#71231:	   Love this camera...Unfortunately it force closes on my HTC One with the latest update as soon as I click a pic (as others have also mentioned). Waiting for the next update to see if it is fixed so I can go back to using it as my main camera app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71232:	   The app is definetly bettee than stock .. Takes great and fast shots.. But not always i getnthe photos saved.. Most of the shots i take are blank in the gallery !! FIx it for 5 
fr.xplod.focal#71234:	   This is one sweet camera app! Its free too which is also great! Just hope in a future build that it gets geo-tagging - that's my only real problem with it... 
fr.xplod.focal#71237:	   The camera force closes upon pressing the shutter button and when a panorama is rendering the view finder gets all messed up until its done please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#71238:	   When I press the shutter button screen goes black and app crashes on my S4. 
fr.xplod.focal#71239:	   Whatever you did to fix compatability with older Samsung devices broke compatability with the Samsung S4 
fr.xplod.focal#71240:	   Crashes on gs4 with latest update. Well move to 5 once it is reusable great app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71241:	   This camera is very feature rich compared to stock. My only issues with it is the side bar that highlights everything as I scroll through it. This app mainly flawed from an interface standpoint but with a few more updates I can see this completely replacing the stock camera. 
fr.xplod.focal#71244:	   Great concept, But it always crashes when pressing the shutter button. AT&T HTC One. I tried it both running CyanogenMod and MaximusHD 20.0.0.0 
fr.xplod.focal#71248:	   Very nice app, specially for a beta. Haven't tried it much, but no bugs or crashes yet. I'm missing geo positioning options. Also it doesn't integrates itself as a camera app in system, WhatsApp won't show it as an option for taking a picture 
fr.xplod.focal#71250:	   Verizon HTC One, force closes when shutter button is pressed. Fix this and it will be great again! 
fr.xplod.focal#71252:	   Loved the camera before receiving the update. I can no longer rake a picture. The app will immediately crash 
fr.xplod.focal#71254:	   -great potential in this app. I can see this replacing my default app when the bugs get squashed. - currently having an issue with the flash on Galaxy Note 2. The app hangs after using the Led flash to focus. 
fr.xplod.focal#71257:	   Crashes after the latest update. HTC One. Waiting for another update. 
fr.xplod.focal#71258:	   I love all the features from gestures to all the settings toggle But photosphere doesn't work well at all. Photo quality is average 
fr.xplod.focal#71259:	   It's a very nice camera for Android. It loads quickly and feels light. It still has a few bugs to be worked out but overall a very nice app and I highly recommend it. 
fr.xplod.focal#71261:	   After latest update the app now crashes when I try to take a picture. LG G2 
fr.xplod.focal#71262:	   Despite the recent update claiming it supports 'older Samsung' devices, it still doesn't work in my T-Mobile Galaxy s2 running CM 10.1.3. On startup the ui appears, but the screen is black. If you try to take a picture, it states, "unable to take picture" - I'm keeping it installed to watch for future updates. 
fr.xplod.focal#71263:	   I tested it out when it was included in Cyanogenmod nightlies but due to frequent crashes and random system reboots caused by the app, I wasn't able to thoroughly try out features. Seems like a great app, GUI is more intuitive than stock camera, but due to limited functionality I can't recommend it in its current state. Just downloaded this standalone version and it crashes on load. Currently on a Samsung Galaxy S3 Verizon 
fr.xplod.focal#71264:	   Fewer crashes now on e975, possibly none since last update. No geo tagging present as far as I can tell though. 
fr.xplod.focal#71266:	   The latest update has killed the app for the S4, constant crashes when taking a photo. Very disappointed as it was the best camera app in Play Store... 
fr.xplod.focal#71267:	   Crashes when you take a photo - using stock HTC One 4.2.2 
fr.xplod.focal#71269:	   xperia z running cm10.1 stable release. focal crashes on taking photo. the ui is difficult to use. feature set is admirable and I look forward to giving five stars when it is more polished and works 
fr.xplod.focal#71270:	   Crashes when taking a pic on G2 
fr.xplod.focal#71272:	   Crashes as soon as you take a picture on the s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71274:	   I can't actually take photos with it: hitting the shutter button causes a crash regardless of settings. LG G2 stock, assume it's just new phone compatibility issues. 
fr.xplod.focal#71276:	   It opens up faster than stock. Camera app its nice but it needs more work on crashing bugs. I also want to be able to silence the shutter . 
fr.xplod.focal#71278:	   The reboot on front facing camera seems to be fixed, but now the pictures taken with the front camera appear upside-down in Gallery. Still an improvement Sprint Galaxy s3 on CM 10.2 
fr.xplod.focal#71280:	   Camera is rotated 90 degrees in Nexus 10. Difficult to take pictures as a result. App looks promising, just fix the rotation 
fr.xplod.focal#71282:	   After the latest update, camera crashes when you take a picture. On galaxy s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71284:	   Galaxy S3 running CM10.1.3 stable - I like the app and interface. However, a large number of options appear to not be implemented and don't do anything to the images once selected. HDR takes 3 identical pictures and doesn't do anything with them. Focal seems like more of an alpha than a beta at this point due to options that simply aren't working yet, but looking forward to seeing where this goes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71285:	   Definieltly better than the stock camera app, but the flash won't work neither in auto mode neither if i turn it on:/ (Nexus 4) 
fr.xplod.focal#71288:	   App looks great. Still some bugs to work out (to be expected). Looking forward to see where this goes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71289:	   This camera app gets a lot right. I do occasionally have compatibily issues with HTC One X, but the typical photo is better than that of the regular HTC camera app. I have yet to use a 5 star Android camera app, but is close. 
fr.xplod.focal#71290:	   Overall a great attempt....excellent work by bbq.... I downloaded this for the pic sphere option but as soon as i launch it and press the capture button the photo screen disappears and only the sphere dots and the background appear...please fix the pic sphere option...i would gladly rate it full... 
fr.xplod.focal#71291:	   Fixed all the bugs I talked about in my previous review. However, now the app crashes whenever I use normal mode (front or back). Oddly enough, Panorama works just fine. Good work tho, even though I can't use it for now, I'm not quitting, so don't you either! 
fr.xplod.focal#71295:	   Worked somewhat well until last 2 updates, can't wait for the fix. 
fr.xplod.focal#71296:	   skips frames (it is not smoth in video recording) , add option to select focus mode, crashes in panorama mode and if the app enters panorama mod the image is all messup , make the sidebar a little more transparent . Device i9100G on Cm 10.2 . Thank you for your great work :) .I also posted a cat log on xda thread and I will rate more if the bugs are gone :) oh...and if you could add face, smile and blink detection it would be great :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71298:	   Opening the app the interface is there but the camera does not turn on so it's a black image. Beforehand it worked well. update: problem still exists. Black screen 
fr.xplod.focal#71299:	   Black screen on asus padfone. Simply stopped working after latest updates. Issue persists. 
fr.xplod.focal#71300:	   It is pretty cool but crashes sometimes unexpectedly and after latest update images are getting stored upside down.. Please fix this 
fr.xplod.focal#71304:	   No change in storage option. Sphere is a mess. Crashes often. Note 2...many roms 
fr.xplod.focal#71305:	   Nearly perfect! A few bugs left, but this is expected from a beta product. Constructive criticism for the dev: pictures taken from the front facing camera are saved upside down (N4 stock 4.3, still occurring with latest update). 
fr.xplod.focal#71306:	   Good camera app . Actually having problem with picsphere . Please fix it . Dying to use picsphere and there are minor bugs too. 
fr.xplod.focal#71307:	   Was working fine earlier on the htc one but now its just crashing as soon as you press the shutter button. Running 4.3 
fr.xplod.focal#71309:	   It was working fine earlier... Latest update is crashing the app on my HTC One developer edition... It's all stock... No modifications whatsoever 
fr.xplod.focal#71311:	   Incredible app, works great on my Note 2 running AOKP. Only bug I have found is it will take a lot of time to load when accessing it through the lock screen widget. 
fr.xplod.focal#71315:	   As it says on the tin, the app is in BETA and is still quite buggy. For me, it throws up a Demigod Kernel crash when I pinch to zoom. But when it works, it's wonderful. Great interface, snappy shutter speed, clear pictures. Just probably will hold off on it being my default camera app until official launch. 
fr.xplod.focal#71319:	   Lots of bugs need to be fixed. Slow in saving picture. Startup time is also slow. 
fr.xplod.focal#71324:	   I can't find the highspeed setting in video though 
fr.xplod.focal#71325:	   Good app rverithing work corectly but it have litlle problem whith sphere capturing , it dont working corectly , can not saveing pucture and not so good quality on sphere capturing and please solve it , and all ather is perfect i dont have seen like this app , PERFECT...!!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71326:	   Why does the menu button not open a menu? And I'd love the option to shoot a photo with my power button and use the volume rocker for zoom, like in the 4.1 stock android app. This was the best feature but for some reason it got removed. Can we have that in focal? 
fr.xplod.focal#71328:	   I love how quick it is, the options it has, the total ease of use. 2 suggestions: - I don't get EXIF info on the photos, therefore when shared via another program like WhatsApp it rotates the photo. - make it possible to share from the slide down menu. Using a Nexus 4. 
fr.xplod.focal#71331:	   Love the features but the pic sphere doesn't work on the note 3 N9005 besides that it's all good 
fr.xplod.focal#71332:	   After I take a picture it shut down my phone.. Please fix it ASAP!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71340:	   I know it is beta, so I thought about posing a bug to help developer to sort it out. I have T-Mobile gs4, currently running cyanogenmod. Once I open the 'torch' from this app, it doesn't want to turn off. I had to exit from the app to turn off the torch 
fr.xplod.focal#71342:	   Fix panorama make sphere easyier to use and keep up the awesome work and ill give u a five star 
fr.xplod.focal#71343:	   thanks for this great program... first problem: the app hang and freeze too much.. after close it you cant open the camera until do a restart...... second problem: the video recording is too bad..also I cant switch resolution.... hope you fix these problems for now.... nice app 3 star.... after fixing 5 if course 
fr.xplod.focal#71346:	   Love it! Noticed the app seems to occasionally loose connection with the camera. I took some test shots, looked at them by swiping down to get the gallery and went back to the camera app only to find it had lost connection. it took a little fiddling, but eventually i got it back by choosing a different mode (going to photo sphere back to camera). this kicked it back into life. exiting and restarting the app hadn't worked. Liking the options which in some ways are more flexible than Googles standard stuff. Some voice control would be awesome though. 
fr.xplod.focal#71350:	   Running the stable version of Cyanogenmod 10.1.3 on my Samsung GS3. Camera works flawlessly, but when I switch to record video, the app freezes? Please fix this and I will DEFINITELY give 4 stars! To get 5 stars; a widget that I can put on my lock screen would be awesome so I can access it quickly! Beautiful app! Hope this gets fixed quickly! 
fr.xplod.focal#71353:	   A great app.... works fine on my MMX Canvas HD, it has few bugs. But on the whole its good..., well,, a sort of.... 
fr.xplod.focal#71354:	   Doesn't open... shows black screen Eagerly waiting for update I'm on android 4.3 defy + 
fr.xplod.focal#71356:	   You need to fix a few bugs on the sphere shot and you should add a feature to take slow-motion videos (sort of like on iPhone 5s) other than that it is great! Good job. :-) 
fr.xplod.focal#71359:	   people defending this because is beta should review what Beta means in software development. The app constantly crashes, it is not intuitive, overcrowded features in the screen, is not visually pleasant. If you are someone who wants a lot of features and dont mind the flakyness of the app itself then this app is for you. From my side, I just wanted the sphere back, but not with the tradeoff of it crashing in the moment i need it most, after all photo-moments are just moments. Dont have time to restart the app even less reboot. 
fr.xplod.focal#71363:	   Every photo I take at centre on aim, the centre went off after capture. Seems like app bug. 
fr.xplod.focal#71367:	   I understand the concept of beta but this app needs work to be even out in beta nothing works got it for the photo sphere and it either crashes or won't work at all pics are not readable settings are not able to be accessed great concept just needs lot of work 
fr.xplod.focal#71368:	   When you swipe down previewing images it will delete them with NO warning. Until this is fixed I would suggest staying away from previewing in this app. Do not swipe down when viewing a preview, it deletes it. It looks like you are flipping through your images similar to how urge stock also app does it but instead you are deleting each image. Really bad design. 
fr.xplod.focal#71376:	   Keeps locking up on Droid RAZR Maxx. This causes other camera apps to fail. Only solution seems to be a reboot, but it will fail again after 1 or 2 photos. 
fr.xplod.focal#71384:	   It didn't work and all I get is black photos or photos which cannot be opened. No option to save in SD card. Hoping this is fixed. (S4 - CM 10.1.3) 
fr.xplod.focal#71385:	   My biggest peeve is pic rotation which doesn't show correctly in G+ photos taken with this app. No trouble with stock app. 5 stars when fixed. Love the features! 
fr.xplod.focal#71386:	   Not working on my device only black screen appears in my samsung galaxy s2 HD LTE 
fr.xplod.focal#71387:	   It is an amazing app on my Moto X and has even become my regular day-to-day camera app even though it is still in beta. I cannot wait until it is fully release because there still are a few issues here and there. 
fr.xplod.focal#71389:	   occasionally has an error when switching to video. when error occurs, it takes unplayable video. can fix by clearing app data but happens again eventually. also during video capture, app allows the screen to turn off. picture is solid. still really like the separate exposure and slick intuitive ui, but being unreliable makes it unusable when capturing those special moments 
fr.xplod.focal#71390:	   I know is a beta so and I see a lot if potential in this so I'll point out a few issues I'm having. - options such as sceen, effects go over the edge of the screen when used in landscape mode. - when holding the phone in landscape the pane of previous photos still display in portrait. - this app uses a lot of battery power. Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#71393:	   A potentially better camera app than the stock version. However, the panorama option is weird, you move the camera right and the image moves down! Then the burst photos and voice activation options don't work. Hopefully this will improve or my S2 is not compatible. 
fr.xplod.focal#71394:	   Nothing but black screen on galaxy s2 running cm 10.1.3. Will rate 5 stars when its fixed 
fr.xplod.focal#71396:	   My only problem is that capturing using flash causes useless pictures(black pic with a flash icon in the gallery) s4mini stock 4.2.2 
fr.xplod.focal#71398:	   I love the Focal camera but it kept on force closing and then my stock camera or other apps that use the camera (Instagram) would not work either. So I'm sticking with stock camera for now. Hopefully these bugs get fixed soon! xt912. 
fr.xplod.focal#71399:	   will my phone got bug fixed, if not i will just uninstal it from my phone. thanks for read 
fr.xplod.focal#71400:	   The photosphere thingy is randomly spinning, my camera crashes and needs reboot to recover it for other apps. Seems that development is slowing. No updates since Sept 
fr.xplod.focal#71405:	   The photo taken is wider than what is seen in the "viewfinder". Also crashes at times 
fr.xplod.focal#71406:	   My phone is xperia sl bt there is no widget for this app My android is 4.1 
fr.xplod.focal#71408:	   Very clean, easy to use UI, full feature set, and only a couple of bugs currently preventing me from setting as default on my Galaxy S4 i9505, running stock 4.3: - Front facing camera saves images upside down, 'primary' camera is fine. - Torch button doesn't behave as expected, it won't toggle on or off. Torch continues to function until 'disable' is pressed. - The aspect ratio when using the forward facing 'secondary' camera is stretched horizontally. Hope this can help towards a stable release :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71409:	   No video on my galaxy s3..this more feedback than a review. .hoping for a fix soon.. 
fr.xplod.focal#71411:	   Not working on LG L5 (android 4.1) I can run application but it doesnt load screen from my camera. And when i wanna select something app is really lagging. 
fr.xplod.focal#71412:	   Photo spheres are having a ton of stiching errors. Crashes when setting image resolution, sphere dots are horrible low-quality. . 
fr.xplod.focal#71413:	   How to zoom in focal? Pinch to zoom doesn't work and volume buttons both take photos. 
fr.xplod.focal#71418:	   Fantastic app, front camera has a bug were pictures become upside down 
fr.xplod.focal#71422:	   You should look into fixing the lock screen launch problem :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71423:	   Using Moto X. Following features don't work: flash, white balance, effects, exposure comp., colour adjustment. Looking forward to future updates :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71426:	   Everything works great for me on my I9505, But I fail to fins the High-Frame Rate video mentioned in the XDA post D: This is the only thing i MIss from my stock Touchwiz rom so would love to get it in AOSP! :D 
fr.xplod.focal#71431:	   This app is pretty cool however the pictures are kinda stretched when taking pictures with the front facing camera....Please fix :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71433:	   Very nice app..but some bugs are their... this app hangs after taking a single pic..on auto awesome it took so long to save the image...on video same problem video taking is normal.but it hangs when stop recording. I want to use this app..but not able to use ..plz help 
fr.xplod.focal#71439:	   App is full of bugs... Can't even click a pic 
fr.xplod.focal#71440:	   BUG REPORT camera is rotated 90 degrees on Note 10.1 , sphere pic doesn't recognize the movement properly, it's always in portrait mode, UI is too small... considering this to be alpha. Maybe next time. Where to report bugs? The app doesn't have a built in feedback. 
fr.xplod.focal#71448:	   I can change the settings but I can't take a picture because the screen stays black. Please fix. 
fr.xplod.focal#71451:	   Crashing my S3 every picture taken. Worked for a bit then stopped, tried reinstalling but it does it after a while no matter what. 
fr.xplod.focal#71452:	  Excellent alternative to the stock camera but it needs some work sometimes the photos don't save to the gallery and the picsphere setting isn't working properly 
fr.xplod.focal#71453:	   Installed it on my Moto X VZW developer edition, and ran into some bugs. When switching video resolution, the video freezes. The rest of the app works properly, it's just that video freezes. Also, when doing picsphere, when rendering on landscape mode, text goes off the screen on the lefthand side. Apart from that, this app is awesome, just needs a few updates! 
fr.xplod.focal#71454:	   Missed this app when it fell off of cm nightly. It is definitely a buggy beta but people seem to still 1* it. I'm indifferent for now until I get familiar with it seeing as it crashes a little less now. 
fr.xplod.focal#71457:	   Not bad. Odd problem though. It works great indoors. But when I take a picture in very bright light, it shuts down the phone completely. Running on an S3 
fr.xplod.focal#71459:	   This really should be available only on a Google+ beta channel, not Google Play. I could see it had a nice feature set and layout, but that's as far as I got before it crashed on my stock Nexus 4. Though controls were visible, I saw ghost images of my gallery in background when swiping, but never an image from the camera. I had to reboot my phone because the camera couldn't connect to the stock camera app or any other app using the camera. Rebooting fixed it. Looking forward to a stable release, though. 
fr.xplod.focal#71460:	   I have a strong belief that this is an awesome camera app. I just can't get it to save my pictures. I have a Samsung Galaxy SIV Google Play Edition. So I know my hardware is up to spec. I don't have any bloatware or extras because it's basically a nexus device. Cue sad face. 
fr.xplod.focal#71464:	    is messed up on my HTC one. Accelerometer problems 
fr.xplod.focal#71465:	   I'm not able to take any pic....! Plz fix...! 
fr.xplod.focal#71466:	   The only issue I have at the moment, is when taking pictures in portrait mode. It captures in landscape (while viewed in gallery). Knowing it's still in beta, I'm confident it should be fixed soon. Unless, it's a setting that I've overlooked. Edit: running on N4 
fr.xplod.focal#71467:	  Crashes often in note 2. Photosphere doesn't work. 
fr.xplod.focal#71474:	   Running galaxy s2 skyrocket. Rooted unsecure kernel mohan kr's work using vincoms methods. 4.1.2 app loads but fails to take picture. No force close, just a message toast. 
fr.xplod.focal#71476:	   Loving this camera interface. The only problem is that when I take a picture, its taken up-side-down. Hope the next update will fix that issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#71480:	   Has some good features. Crashes on my S3, so I can only try on Nexus 7 for now. Minus 1 star for that, and lack of GPS tag, weird tabs (I can't close the left tab menu?), and when I burst shot it didn't stop and I had to force restart my tablet. Not very usable for me. But I'd like to see it a lot better! 
fr.xplod.focal#71481:	   It's good but it doesn't work all the time, sometimes it says can't connect to the camera. I need to reboot my phone to get it working again. 
fr.xplod.focal#71485:	   I really liked the camera when running Cyanogenmod and was pleased to see it available on App Store. However, back on stock S2 Skyrocket all I get is a black screen with front and rear cameras. I'm going to keep it and hope updates get this issue fixed as I know it's a great camera and at the moment it is a beta anyway. 
fr.xplod.focal#71489:	   . My kind of camera app but not working for now...i am willing to wait for fixes and improvements...2 star just for now 
fr.xplod.focal#71490:	   Does not work with my Huawei Y300 works with my Xperia S 
fr.xplod.focal#71492:	   For example , it almost always fail to save taken pictures, like 4 every 5. The saved pictures quality is the same as my phone camera software. But it has lots of features 
fr.xplod.focal#71495:	   This app has all the right ideas and would be perfect if it were to fix the glitches and smoothen it up. I wish stock camera apps were as feature rich and as intuitive in terms of UI 
fr.xplod.focal#71496:	   Used for few days previously however uninstalled, it's on beta stage so people you'll find bugs and insects, the dev is great help, just email him with the problem help him to help us, I'll be coming back for this app once it's fully completed beta stages, good luck dev! 
fr.xplod.focal#71498:	   I have the same black screen issue on the note. Focal worked on the last cm release it was in. 
fr.xplod.focal#71501:	   When using the front facing camera the photos are presented upside down fix this 5 stars 
fr.xplod.focal#71508:	   The function is good but they are not able to be used as there are too many bugs and always having no response in the Picsphere. The burst shooting never works. Large room for improvement but I look forward to it 
fr.xplod.focal#71511:	   I took a pic from this after that repeatedly I'm getting unable to open camera error... And now my default camera also not working giving same error can't connect to camera!!! LG optimus G 
fr.xplod.focal#71513:	   Though there are still some bugs to be worked out, this is an awesome camera app. The UI is awesome. Once picture quality matches the stock GS4 cam app, it will be my daily driver. 
fr.xplod.focal#71516:	   Works very well, only big issue is the pinch to zoom is extremely ducking slow. It needs to be faster and there needs to be a little zoom bar like the camera app built in has. 
fr.xplod.focal#71519:	   I can use it once but when I try burst shot it freezes. Then when I close focal and try to open it again if says "can not connect to camera" and the screen is black. Please fix I like this camera (I have a galaxy s3) 
fr.xplod.focal#71522:	   The only issue I can see, is the display for the front camera is distorted. And it stores the pictures upside down? 
fr.xplod.focal#71526:	   Some random crashes here and there on my Galaxy Nexus, and it's a little slow to start, but other than that all of the features work great! Love the ability to switch camera modes so easily, it's so much easier to use than the stock camera as a result. 
fr.xplod.focal#71528:	   I'm on CM 10.2 I'm taking pics but APP not saving them. When it does work 9 of 10 pics are out of focus. Getting can't connect errors. I get preview pictures on the screen on top of the pictures I'm trying to take. 
fr.xplod.focal#71529:	   Love the polished look of the UI and the responsive controls. Unfortunately this app crashes frequently so I can't really use it. I'm running CyanogenMod 10 on my Galaxy S3. It's still in beta and I'm sure I'll soon be giving it 5 stars. 
fr.xplod.focal#71530:	   Though I can't find the option for HFR mode anywhere. 
fr.xplod.focal#71533:	   Yes this has bugs, but it's still light years ahead of the stock camera! 
fr.xplod.focal#71535:	   Not so functional right now, but with some of the bugs fixed and all features working properly it can be my camera of choice 
fr.xplod.focal#71537:	   Though on landscape, the can is oriented 90degs. Fix that please. I'm on Samsung 10.1 note 2 n8013. 
fr.xplod.focal#71546:	   I'm on CM 10.1 on the S4 and this app crashes every single time when trying to do HDR 
fr.xplod.focal#71548:	   My biggest problem was that we can't save pictures in external memory. Please fix it. 
fr.xplod.focal#71551:	   It show images of objects in the inverted position 90 degrees at my tablet display screen. The results remained normal image, but it's still problem and confused because i can't set shooting normally. 
fr.xplod.focal#71553:	   Seems like it will be the best camera app, hands down, but not until the preview display is fixed for my nexus 4. I still use it with the display error, it's that good. 
fr.xplod.focal#71555:	   Otherwise a great app, but it is really annoying that it mixes up photos taken with the phone in landscape or portrait direction. Was supposed to be fix for it and trying after update it seemed to work correctly, but today the photos are rotated again. 
fr.xplod.focal#71556:	   Love the app. Works as promised. Little bugs here and there but they seem to be fixing them. Will donate 
fr.xplod.focal#71559:	   Burst mode doesn't work. It only shows blank images. Not here to complain but to report. Love this camera app. It has the photo with torch (my favorite feature on focal). So it's not hard on focusing to objects in the dark. 
fr.xplod.focal#71561:	   The panorama doesn't work. It turns the camera sideways and cannot take pics. Please fix, otherwise, this is by far the best photo app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71562:	   Not working on GS2 Skyrocket, CM 4.2.2. Worked well before update. Black screen, FC when attempt video. Uninstalled. 
fr.xplod.focal#71564:	   Cannot connect to camera.. Please fix.. 
fr.xplod.focal#71565:	   Right now it has some performance issues and some bugs but I believe in it and it has potential 
fr.xplod.focal#71566:	   Please fix keep freezing 
fr.xplod.focal#71567:	   Works great on my Galaxy Note II. No crashes, no problems. I really like the way the focus works, and the individual settings are way faster to access than on the built-in camera app. The one feature I'm missing is a way to set the image directory. I prefer storing photos on the external SD card. Not a major problem, though, would just be kind of nice to have. Unless I'm blind and didn't see it? 
fr.xplod.focal#71569:	   Still has a few too many bugs for my regular use. I love the photo quality just crashes a bit but it's what's expected from a beta. Particularly with taking photos with hdr enabled shows corrupt photos in my gallery sometimes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71573:	   Seems promising but this latest update displays nothing hut a black screen. Not functional as a result. I'm also using an original Galaxy Note. Can only give it 1 star at this point. Willing to bump that up once this has been fixed. 
fr.xplod.focal#71574:	   This app is an amazing piece of kit on my Samsung i727, and makes the camera more useful than ever. There is a major bug in the orientation and aspect ratio though on the Asus TF101 rear-facing camera. Still, the breadth of support for cameras and devices, and this being such an ambitious project? Major props to you guys! 
fr.xplod.focal#71576:	   Kudos to the developer for creating a comprehensive yet simple camera app. Few suggestions: settings need to expand to include where to store option, disable click sound, direct access to gallery from the app etc. The pics after taken appear at 90 deg left in gallery when clicked on portrait. What's the bug there? 
fr.xplod.focal#71577:	   How long do they Rendering for picsphere? It was so long, please Fix!!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71578:	   Looks really promising, worked on first open. Stills cam worked fine. Hung trying to save video to SD. Force closed, when re opened, couldn't connect to cam. Happy this is beta though... Will continue, report bugs and wait for updates. Stock GS3. 
fr.xplod.focal#71579:	   Good, sometimes crashes on Nexus S. 
fr.xplod.focal#71585:	   More bugs than I expected. App loads very slowly, and the default camera itself is slow. Focusing is broke. ISO is out of whack. Color is either saturated in yellow or blue. UI is twitchy and lags. The "Quick" mode likes to toggle itself on and will only turn off after I take two pictures. Dealt with that multiple times. I realise it's in Beta and I'm not critiquing. Just providing feedback. So at this point I can't use it as all the basics failed. On the plus side I did notice there was less noise. UPDATE: A lot of problems were fixed. The ISO, Focusing, and Color saturation. Quick mode is still buggy and app loads a little faster than the initial tryout, but still slower than default camera. UI is a little less twitchy. Can't wait for this app to be more ironed out. 
fr.xplod.focal#71586:	   editing pic is not working on my Note 2 N7100. Pls fix this. 
fr.xplod.focal#71587:	  Does not work on HTC One 
fr.xplod.focal#71591:	   Auto enhance does not seem to work, always fails and would be nice to have custom resolutions 
fr.xplod.focal#71597:	   Doesn't work very good, not taking pictures just showing some kind of ripple effect on the shutter button without capturing anything. I'm still giving it 4 stars for being open source and because of the whole cm affair. 
fr.xplod.focal#71599:	   Does not work on S3 with Liquid smooth ROM v2.9 Please fix. Thanks 
fr.xplod.focal#71603:	   Has a lot of potential, but needs device specific tweaks. Doesn't work very well on stock Moto X. 
fr.xplod.focal#71604:	   Freezes after I take a picture..and does not save said picture. 
fr.xplod.focal#71609:	   Feedback: Love the interface and the options available! The only issue I have right now is that the viewfinder shows less than what's actually in the picture and always appears in 16:9 when the actual pic resolution could be different, like 4:3. My Nexus 4 stock camera still takes a bit better pics, but Focal is faster in everything and has a lot more features! 
fr.xplod.focal#71616:	   Love the user interface however on droid maxx it does not save the picture what so ever. After you take picture and go to gallery all you see is a gray image of what the picture should of been. 
fr.xplod.focal#71618:	   I loved the CynanogenMod app, and this is great too, but crashes when I try to select MMS quality in video mode. 
fr.xplod.focal#71620:	   When I switched to aosp based ROMs ...the camera app was almost the worst thing in those ROMs ..now with focal ...I don't care about stock camera anymore. It's a bit buggy but I am sure that all the problems will be solved soon . I am reaaly glad to see focal in my app list. 
fr.xplod.focal#71621:	   But crashed too much to be usable at this point even for a beta not ready for testing. Will wait for a more mature version. Keep it up guys. 
fr.xplod.focal#71622:	   Crashes a lot, but has great potential, very nice layout... 
fr.xplod.focal#71625:	   Crashes when trying to take a photo. Also annoying that there isn't a full frame mode, and that the screen shows widescreen when I'm taking 4:3 photos. Also UI goes off the screen. 
fr.xplod.focal#71627:	   Great layout. Seem to keep having the same orientation issues with the Panorama feature. Please address! 
fr.xplod.focal#71630:	  Great app minor bugs, when this is finished it will be awesome. 
fr.xplod.focal#71631:	   The app keeps on saying can't connect to camera on my note 2 how can I fix this? 
fr.xplod.focal#71634:	   Awesome feature set, but when I take a picture on my One, the frame is frozen on the screen permanently and does not save. So I effectively can't even take pictures. Would be cool to be able to pic file type/compression. 
fr.xplod.focal#71636:	   Freezes and crashes when doing pretty much anything on the HTC One 
fr.xplod.focal#71639:	   After updating could open it once, then it just says unable to connect to camera. 5 minutes after started working again. Can't save to SD card? 
fr.xplod.focal#71640:	   the app is far away from the prime time as it has lots of bugs and issues. But the potential in the app will make it the number one app. Worth 5 stars from now! 
fr.xplod.focal#71643:	   Can't Focus, always blur no matter which point I choose to focus. The rest is superb but no use if picture always blur..(Using maximus hd 13 Rom) 
fr.xplod.focal#71646:	   Start up time too slow pls fix it sometimes lag upon start up 
fr.xplod.focal#71653:	   Will not take photo with  stock...T-Mobile edition. Fix and will rate better. 
fr.xplod.focal#71660:	  Crashes on XT912 
fr.xplod.focal#71662:	   It's a total mess on my Galaxy Blaze 4g. App crashes non stop, picsphere barely runs and crashes as well. Help! Latest update completely destroyed it. 
fr.xplod.focal#71664:	   First update without crashes! Used to crash after taking a photo or after launching the app. No more of that, which is great. The other modes don't work though. I can hit the record button for video and it tells me it saves, but the app doesn't register when I move the camera and the image is frozen and nothing is ever in my gallery. Panorama is really weird - the screen is showing me everything sideways. Very disorienting, I don't know how to explain it. Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#71668:	   Tried out this app based on a recommendation from a friend and within the two minutes of trying it, the app crashed 3 times. The last crash resulted in a hard lock up that I caused me to reset my phone. Very unstable app. Would not recommend. Update: Tried this app again and walked away even more disappointed than before. Almost none of the features work on a GS3. This isn't a beta stage app. This is clearly an alpha build that shouldn't be in the hands of the public. 
fr.xplod.focal#71674:	   Lots of bugs! 
fr.xplod.focal#71678:	   Ci sono crash e bug vari che andranno risolti ma in compenso ha un buona scelta di funzioni 
fr.xplod.focal#71679:	   Is there no work around for samsung devices possible? Excellent developer response. Got a response in minutes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71680:	  Full of bugs 
fr.xplod.focal#71684:	   Looks like it would be a good app but the image freezes every time I take a photo and doesn't save it. Menus still work though. 
fr.xplod.focal#71685:	   Very promising camera app, but most functions are not working for the HTC One. Looking forward to updates! 
fr.xplod.focal#71689:	   Installed update and now camera doesn't work...black screen...worked fine before except picsphere. I'm running slimbean 4.3 
fr.xplod.focal#71694:	   Latest update reboots phone every time! Uninstalling! Last build was pretty decent. Great app when working. Please fix!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71697:	   Great, but the auto contrast feature doesn't work on the S3. also, there are still tablet issues 
fr.xplod.focal#71698:	   It crashes a lot, sometimes fails to connect to camera, can't choose default Gallery app, and it needs a much better icon 
fr.xplod.focal#71700:	   Very good job, I like the features and the interface. Still has some fixing but that is why it's in beta. Galaxy S4, the sensors are switched, meaning that when I try to take a panorama for example, when I go left, it goes right, and vice versa. Also the orientation is switched, meaning that landscape displays as portrait and vice versa. 
fr.xplod.focal#71701:	   Better off with aosp camera from xda photosphere actually works on that app rendering always fails on this app I'll wait for a more stable version of this. 
fr.xplod.focal#71702:	   UPDATE: photoshere no longer crashes, can't view them though.. but still can't take regular pics, viewfinder freezes. Would love to use this because the UI and feature set seems great, but pictures and photos here are broken on HTC One. Pictures freeze viewfinder and finishing a photosphere causes a FC. 
fr.xplod.focal#71703:	  photosphere isn't working on Nexus4. Its not working after rendering photo. 
fr.xplod.focal#71708:	   Great where this app is headed. Only weird bug is when using the panoramic setting on HTC EVO 4G. The picture is viewed horizontally when my camera is vertical, but squeezed within a vertical view. Turning my phone horizontally rotates the image again skewing the view. It's almost like it's doing the opposite views of what it should be doing. Otherwise this app is great! 
fr.xplod.focal#71711:	   Pls do what you can to make my nexus 4 camera awesome it's focus issue is frustrating 
fr.xplod.focal#71715:	   Too buggy at the moment to use as my default camera (crashes) but its getting better and better with each update. Look forward to using it as it gets more and more stable! Also pics are all taken upside down in my Nexus 4 and need to be manually corrected afterwards. Please fix this in the future 
fr.xplod.focal#71716:	   Taking picsphere on the galaxy s2 isn't working, it just appears as separate images, and before the update viewing the "picsphere" image didn't show it as a globe, jus as a normal image 
fr.xplod.focal#71717:	   All of the main camera features and camcorder features seem to work fine for me. The panoramic camera and picsphere mode are still buggy for me. The panorama mode locks the camera into a strange orientation and I can't see what I'm shooting and picsphere crashes upon rendering. Glad to see the devs are working hard on updates though! Very excited for the future of Focal! 
fr.xplod.focal#71718:	   Still pic loading fails.. And I see a lot of errors.. Not a final product by any means.. 
fr.xplod.focal#71720:	   My choice number 3 after the stock camera and camera 2. Sphere still doesn't work, however while being a bit buggy, overall Focal is a great camera. 
fr.xplod.focal#71725:	   Works as it should, just a few bugs while pulling down the gallery.  camera app non the less. 
fr.xplod.focal#71726:	   720/1080p Video capture, on the S4 is completely horrid, seems it's a 4.3 image then squeezed back into 16.9. Photos seem Ok though. Fix video aspect please 
fr.xplod.focal#71727:	   Can we choose where the photos are saved? More importantly, when viewing the photos, seriously need warning when you swipe down and then the photos are erased! At least give a warning the first time then have an option to disable. Sorry to give you 2 stars for now but that was really not a technical issue you can blame for being in beta. 
fr.xplod.focal#71729:	   I have a problem when trying to switch the video size to 1080p. The picture just freezes. Also when I record video in comes out all distorted with green lines across the screen 
fr.xplod.focal#71733:	   Awesome app only problem I have is with picsphere which I'm sure will be fixed in due time it's a shame it was removed from cm keep up the great work 
fr.xplod.focal#71734:	   Doesn't work at all on the s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71735:	   Still crashes when recording video. Love the app but please fix 
fr.xplod.focal#71736:	   Still cannot take portrait photos. If taken, when viewing, the image it rotated 90 degrees.Unable to find any instructions for use. I don't know how to zoom or if its even supported. Don't know what the circle icon in the middle of the screen is, I am assuming the focal point? Would like to disable the volume up control taking the photo, mainly used to this being the zoom control. Biggest issue, no way to save to external media. Or at least I couldn't figure out where you would change that setting. This app has a lot of promise. Likely will keep installed and see how it develops. Can see this app being a 5 start, right now for me its not. Will rate higher as it develops. ****EDIT....If I use the stock gallery, photo orientation is correct. Quickpic (my default viewer) will still displays portraits as landscape...... 
fr.xplod.focal#71738:	   Neat concept. Crashes on swipe to delete after the first few. Also crashes when trying to stitch photosphere. Keep up the good work. Update - no longer crashing on with these. 
fr.xplod.focal#71741:	   Crashes my phone when I use face forward cam. I know is a beta but there are defiantly better camera apps. I'll be back when out of beta because I like the features 
fr.xplod.focal#71742:	   Can't wait for this to become a stable release. Its extremely feature packed. However it crashes and freezes a lot on galaxy s4 so I can't use it that well. Definitely gonna be on my watchlist. 
fr.xplod.focal#71752:	   Good job finally fixing the rotation issue, great camera app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71757:	   Working through the bugs. Noticed that on my note 2 in panorama mode, the image on screen is at a 90 to what is being photographed. Please fix and.Thanks for all the hard work! 
fr.xplod.focal#71758:	   The app is good but keep crashing and freezing every time on galaxy s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71759:	   Lots of bugs in galaxy fame gt-s6812 
fr.xplod.focal#71762:	   Picsphere works! It crashed not only Focal, but the entire camera for me when it was baked into CM. 
fr.xplod.focal#71763:	   Timesphere doesn't work on my phone!!.. It will just click photos and while rendering it crash! Many times the app says not able to detect camera! And yeah.. It crashes a lot! Otherwise good app.. Like the interface.. Fix this and 5 stars! 
fr.xplod.focal#71764:	   Seems really good. Picture quality on par with standard camera, good UI. The only problem is that it doesn't remember layout settings on the GN2. Oh, and another problem is that it doesn't register as an actual camera app. But even despite that, it's really nice. Hoping for quick updates. 
fr.xplod.focal#71765:	   Its crashing on my galaxy s2 I would appreciate if you can solve it 
fr.xplod.focal#71768:	   Great camera, it dues extremely well in close distance focus, but if you try to focus on something at a longer distance it miserably crashes. 
fr.xplod.focal#71773:	   My front camera broke on my galaxy s4 and it wouldn't let me take pictures but with this the error doesnt come up and I can still take pictures with the rear camera 
fr.xplod.focal#71774:	   Great to see this app here. I love the fact that when you change the phone from landscape to portrait and vice versa it does not rotate all the screen but only the buttons. Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#71775:	   Please fix calibration I guess? It's like it can't figure out which way my note 2 is moving. 
fr.xplod.focal#71778:	   When though it's in beta, focal of one must comprehensive camera apps available and with almost daily updates they're knocking out any bug's pretty quick. On droid mini, display (viewfinder) appears anamorphic but images are not effected. 
fr.xplod.focal#71781:	   I dont usually review apps, but this is so phenomenal it needs one. Great job, little lags on nexus 4, but im sure they will be fixed, burst need tk be loads faster, its too slow, it doesnt have to save pictures in between 
fr.xplod.focal#71783:	   Sometimes it works, but most of the time it does not. Special when using manual focus in video, hope u can fix this and make it really compatible with xperia l. This app has a lot of potencial! Thanks! 
fr.xplod.focal#71784:	   Great work dev, just a few things to sort out. Not working on GS3: iso, hdr, color adjust. 
fr.xplod.focal#71786:	   Awesome! But there is a rotation problem, all photos all rotated. Also, the app allows users to leave when it is still processing and saving, but the photos will then be interrupted and cannot be open. 
fr.xplod.focal#71787:	   Crash all the time 
fr.xplod.focal#71789:	  Crashing after update 
fr.xplod.focal#71790:	   I can use the app but after one pic the app closes I have tried installing several times to no avail on my gs3 I'm sure since the software is still in beta mode this will be fixed 
fr.xplod.focal#71792:	   Droid DNA, S-OFF, CM 10.2 nightly. No Force Closes so far. Panorama isn't working for me. It doesn't record at all. Also, sometimes the auto rotate doesn't work. It will think my phone rotated when it didn't so the picture is off by 90. Keep up the awesome work! 
fr.xplod.focal#71795:	   Problem direct share to whatsapp,hangout etc. 
fr.xplod.focal#71798:	   Crashes when using 360 sphere mode for galaxy s4 
fr.xplod.focal#71799:	   Stopped working after the last update. Screen freezes. Will keep it installed. Appreciate the hard work. App is going to be amazing 
fr.xplod.focal#71800:	   There are some minor bugs, but I believe this app adds speed and functionality over the stock camera. The photosphere camera seems to stitch the photos together better than stock. I will have to take more for further comparison. Very impressive. 
fr.xplod.focal#71802:	   But somehow my camera is unable to connect to focal. Does anyone else have this problem? I tried uninstalling and reinstalling again, but it doesn't work. Can you guys take a look at this problem? Thanks! SGS3 user 
fr.xplod.focal#71806:	   After updates, app is much improved. Team BBQ seems to be working fast, and keeps improving the app and squashing bugs. very, very good app- ESPECIALLY for beta 
fr.xplod.focal#71808:	   Right now it kind of works, but screwed up the camera, and ultimately rebooted my phone. Camera works after reboot. Clearly a work in progress. Good layout and menu system, though. Five star effort, two stars because of the bugs. 
fr.xplod.focal#71809:	   Some things it does better than the stock 4.3 camera. There are way more options for taking pictures. It has built-in filters and frames and crap, if that's your thing. However, sometimes it falls flat on its face. Videos and panorama shots are still rotated 90 degrees. It doesn't work when set as the default lockscreen camera if you have pin/password security enabled. Trying to use the photosphere mode made it crash completely. I have no doubt that by the time it makes it out of beta, this will be my go-to camera app. But for now, I prefer the stability of the stock camera. -- Galaxy S4 Google Edition and latest 4.3 firmware 
fr.xplod.focal#71811:	  Crash on videos. 
fr.xplod.focal#71813:	   Thanks for a great app especially since it's free and open source. It has a whole bunch of features that have been missing from the stop app and are pieced across several $3-$5 apps on Google Play. One issue that I'm having is the picture orientation doesn't seem to be working; let me clarify: After the picture is taken, if you view the photo in the native "Gallery" app then the orientation appears correctly. If you view the photo in another photo viewing app like "QuickPic" then orientation is messed up. Also, when it shows up properly in "Gallery" view, when you email the image from there to share, the orientation is messed up again. I wish I had more programming know-how to suggest a way to fix it but wanted to make you aware of the bug and I do realize this is a beta. Keep up the AWESOME work, and thanks! 
fr.xplod.focal#71815:	   Too frequent crashes, including a serious bug that required a phone restart. Picsphere doesn't work like it should. Lots of potential, though. Will keep my eye on this. 
fr.xplod.focal#71817:	   Sometimes it doesn't respond. Previewing the photos will sometimes crash the app. Photo preview sometimes doesn't work. Sometimes cant swipe to delete photo. I recommend using stock android photo gallery instead of focal camera's own. 
fr.xplod.focal#71823:	   This is a very nice camera. I will be using this all the time over my stock one when all the bugs are worked out for my Droid RAZR XT912 
fr.xplod.focal#71824:	   Pictures still rotate funny in the latest update. Also pics taken with front camera are off centered. Haven't had any FC issues with the latest update on my GT-N7100 
fr.xplod.focal#71825:	   Lots of great features, no fc for me (N4). Latest update fixed performance issues for me v 
fr.xplod.focal#71828:	   Viewfinder is just a pink screen. Otherwise just clicks the picks good. hopefully will be fixed soon. 
fr.xplod.focal#71832:	   On the rc of paranoid android for note 2. picsphere sometimes works and sometimes crashes and spins wildly out of control. Needs more work. keep up the good work guys. 
fr.xplod.focal#71834:	   Swiping up in the gallery should NOT delete photos. It's too easy to do accidentally, unless you add a confirmation. When all the minor bugs are ironed out this will definitely be my default camera app for sure! 
fr.xplod.focal#71837:	   Keep with the updates. I wish there was a way I could inform the developer of other bugs such as hdr isn't working as it should. I'm going to be a big supporter of this program. Keep up the good job 
fr.xplod.focal#71838:	   I love the idea, but it just doesn't work. At first the picture froze, then a picture from my gallery showed up on screen for some reason, then it just went black. 
fr.xplod.focal#71841:	   After every click there is an error showing "auto-enhance failed,original pic saved"..wth is this?? 
fr.xplod.focal#71846:	   Really like this. One bug for me at the moment - can't disable flash. I'm sure this will be fixed soon ;-) 
fr.xplod.focal#71847:	   Meh... It's another camera app. I refused to use it exclusively because... HDR doesn't work. Three pictures every time. PicSphere is a hot mess. Shutter button freezes when transitioning to video. Not sure why I'm even giving it 2 stars... 
fr.xplod.focal#71848:	   I like it, but it crashes every time I use it no matter what I do. 
fr.xplod.focal#71851:	   After each pic, the App crashes. Nevertheless a great app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71853:	   I'm on i9300 stock..problem : 1. Auto enhancement crashed the app after taking a picture. 2. Gallery does not rotate when app in landscape mode. Love the interface. Will be waiting for future update... 
fr.xplod.focal#71854:	   I have used many camera apps but didn't find everything which stop me using me using stock camera app but focal camera has everything even many more options which is not in stock camera. Few issues I'm facing with this app which is auto enhancement and some time its shows unable to connect camera please fix this :) Final verdict I love it...Highly recommended... 
fr.xplod.focal#71859:	   Thanks for your hard work in the Dev community and bringing this to the Play store. Off to an awesome start on this and only a few bugs on some devices that are getting fixed pretty quickly. 
fr.xplod.focal#71864:	   Camera launches but force closes a short time later. Trying to reopen it causes a black screen that must also be five closed. If fixed, will reevaluate. 
fr.xplod.focal#71865:	   The app crashes the whole phone forcing it to restart whenever I try to access the sidebar (cm10.2) 
fr.xplod.focal#71868:	   Hi. I have just installed this version and it stops everytime I open this app. Error message coming as unfortunately focal has stopped. After update it works fine... 
fr.xplod.focal#71869:	   Worked on my HTC One but totally failed on my Nexus 10 tablet. On the N10 the image showed up sideways and would consistently hang and crash. 
fr.xplod.focal#71871:	   Takes great photos. Unfortunately, they won't save. 
fr.xplod.focal#71877:	   No worky on my One X. Shutter button just pulses with no photo taken. I hope support for this device happens as this app looks killer! 
fr.xplod.focal#71880:	   It gives an error that it can't access the camera 
fr.xplod.focal#71882:	   Very handy controls. Lots of crashes and delays between functions on my note2 
fr.xplod.focal#71888:	   App crash from time to time but I am quite confident the final product will be awesome. Well polished UI, more features than I will use ever. Well done for keeping it GPL 
fr.xplod.focal#71892:	   All the basic features worm. Panorama puts my camera into landscape while panning portrait and vice versa. Also, crash on photosphere feature. But this beta have amazing other than those two features. Replaced my stock camera quick! 
fr.xplod.focal#71895:	   Doesn't work on . Freezes after taking a pic. 
fr.xplod.focal#71897:	   Just a couple of bugs to work out, but this can easily function as your daily shooter app as it is already. GJ, XplodWild :) 
fr.xplod.focal#71898:	   I have a Noir A8/ MMX A90s and i have installed a custom ROM. This application is working somewhat. It has a problem that text is not displaying completely (i.e, out of the screen. Can't read full text). Plz adjust that. 
fr.xplod.focal#71901:	   Though there are lots of bugs, i beleive that the app will be  when the bugs are fixed. Keep it up!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71916:	   If that is fixed I would give it at least 4 stars, but because of that I cannot replace my old camera app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71917:	   The application looks great and runs well when using the outside camera. Crashes my whole phone when I use the face camera. Please fix! this would be a killer app if not for that. Samsung Galaxy S3 running CM10.1 RC3 
fr.xplod.focal#71923:	   Please fix, I have sprint Galaxy S3 rooted running liquid smooth when using the from camera my phone reboots 
fr.xplod.focal#71927:	   THIS IS AWESOME. Thank you so much guys, this is a definate win. I don't even need to wish you any luck, you are not going to need it. Just fix the bug that makes photos and videos to come out rotated and you've got one more supporter :) Edit: You fixed it! Thank yooouuuu im speechless :') 
fr.xplod.focal#71928:	   The only thing I didn't like about the past version was photosphere not working. Now that it has been fixed I can rare this five stars! Amazing! I'm sorry about the CM situation, but this is for the best. We have so much appreciation for your work. 
fr.xplod.focal#71934:	   1 star, cant rate a constantly crashing app higher than this, sorry. Uninstalled. 
fr.xplod.focal#71939:	   It works well as a camera and the post edition options are varied. I spend 15 minutes playing with a picture just to see what it could do. I give a 3-star rating because the sphere picture thing (the very reason I downloaded the app) freezes and disables the camera. I have to reboot my phone to get it started again. I hope you can fix this. And thanks for the app. 
fr.xplod.focal#71943:	   Great work there .. congratulations Just needs a few fixs and rest all butter smooth 
fr.xplod.focal#71944:	   The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because it's actually quite a good concept while in beta. There are definitely a lot of bugs but when they are finally worked out I can see this being the best camera application to get for Android. I have a question though, there is an option to turn on the exposure recticle . Is that features meant to move it into an area which would change the exposure? Because when I do, rather than make it less bright, it gets brighter. 
fr.xplod.focal#71946:	   Except one thing, it seem that the pic quality is still a bit bad. Five star of fixed ;) 
fr.xplod.focal#71947:	   This is a nice app but I have some bugs to report. Whenever I take pics by holding my phone horizontally, the pics orientation is disturbed i.e they are shown in potriat mode . Also, pic sphere shuts down while processing the pics. I know that this is a beta version and needs a lot of bugs fixed. I'm loving the overall layout and features. 
fr.xplod.focal#71949:	   App crashes while changing photo size on my Note 2 running official stock 4.1.2 
fr.xplod.focal#71952:	   The camra is amazing. Really terrific job guys. But changing any settings freezes my camra and shuts it down. Changing hdr, or jhr iso or aby of that will shut the app down please fix then this app gets the five stars it deserves. Panorama has a couple of tweaks. For example on note 2 u cant conteol the way the camra is angled 
fr.xplod.focal#71953:	   Good now that force quitting was fixed in the last update 
fr.xplod.focal#71954:	   Does anyone else experience a bug where the camera preview is rotated 90deg in panorama mode? Update 9/24: 90deg rotation is not fixed, not even after update! (HTC One) 
fr.xplod.focal#71955:	   loving the options available in this app. Excellent since last update still need to be able to select storage location. sorry i am not technical enough to help fix these problems but i will gladly test new versions. 
fr.xplod.focal#71957:	   As a beta, this app is coming along really well. It has some bugs (random crashing which are occurring less and less with each update), but hopefully soon it will be able to compete with the Touchwiz camera. - - - A couple areas that need improvement are that the zoom action isn't smooth, and HDR doesn't seem to do much (will require more testing to see if it's caused by a fault on my end). 
fr.xplod.focal#71959:	   Looks nice, but works bad for now. Exposure correction doesn't work at all. There's some mess with widgets selection and appearance. No sound turning off? I hope it all will be fixed and improved. 
fr.xplod.focal#71962:	   This is a very nice camera app and in my opinion it is much better than even the stock camera app on my Droid Razr as it allows you to manage the camera settings that are not even visible in the stock app. Many of the problems that I reported earlier have been fixed, the ones remaining are...1. Pic Sphere is not working, shows graphic artifacts.... 2. HDR is still a bit buggy... 3. Front facing camera does not have focus option... 4. No option to remove camera shutter sound... 5. Should also look into the option to store the images on memory card as well... 6. Seems a bit heavy on memory and battery but need a bit more testing to verify... Overall: 3.5/5 
fr.xplod.focal#71966:	   I love this app. Only issue is the saved pic orientation. Other than that, awesome!!! Update: pic rotation fixed!!! 
fr.xplod.focal#71967:	   The app and the look is nice but (and I know it's a beta) there are some issues that should be fixed: no focus settings, sometimes it won't focus at all with out a restart, not integrated as a camera app option. 
fr.xplod.focal#71970:	   Great free alternative to other camera apps but still loaded with bugs. On Galaxy S4 i9500, aspect ratio of the viewfinder is incorrect, photos taken get stretched wider than they should be. Randomly gets stuck and refuses to take a photo. 
fr.xplod.focal#71972:	   On the HTC One, panorama, pic sphere and video recording do not work but there are a wealth of options. Hoping for bug fixes 
fr.xplod.focal#71973:	   This app used to work on my Samsung galaxy note 1 but now all it does is freeze, hang and I either have to shut the phone down. Was happy before. I am using Cyanogenmod . Would give 4 or 5 stars if this was fixed. 
fr.xplod.focal#71974:	   Having issues focusing, white balance (at auto) and brightness. Keep up the good work...will def use this once the issues are ironed out 
fr.xplod.focal#71976:	   Fix it this started happening after recent update 
fr.xplod.focal#71979:	   Remember people it a Beta so expect some bugs 
fr.xplod.focal#71981:	   It takes the first shot but does not move the screen around when you alter the viewing angle. The first shot remains in the centre of the screen. If you pad again the next shot is overlaid on top. Galaxy S4. 
fr.xplod.focal#71991:	  Beta but bug fixes are coming in fast 
fr.xplod.focal#71995:	   It worrks awesomely on my Android 4.1 Xperia P; perhaps it is the best camera app that I have tried. The only problem that I find is the shutter sound, is there any way to disable it? 
fr.xplod.focal#71998:	   Panorama and Pic sphere sucks .. Its on different orientation when you're taking a pic... Lags due to many layers specially when taking photos. Add filters like lomo... Frequent crashes. I wonder if the paid version is on different build. One thing i am certain.. Great app as a start and i will wait for bug fixes and additional features. 
fr.xplod.focal#71999:	   With the update, picsphere stopped crashing and is working like a charm! Great work 
fr.xplod.focal#72001:	   For a Beta it works very well. I have tried it on Note 8 and S4. A little slow to start off but once up it is a very easy application to use. Clean interface and very good quality of pictures. Pictures drawer is very convenient although I understand that some users had an issue with the ease of deletion. Overall a shining star and hopefully the working version will get rid of the teething problems. 
fr.xplod.focal#72004:	   Crashes on launch for galaxy note 2 
fr.xplod.focal#72006:	   Dear dev, great work, but images in Panorama mode on Note2LTE stock is still incorrectly rotated, please fix, thx 
fr.xplod.focal#72007:	   Looks promising but doesn't work on Samsung Galaxy Nexus with 4.3 Paranoidandroid. Black viewfinder, impossible to take a photo. 
fr.xplod.focal#72008:	   Functionality is great, just a few bugs to iron out on Galaxy Note 2: Front facing camera will take pics upside down, and while changing some settings (megapixelage for example) the app will force close. I hope this is the correct place to report bugs if you don't have a twitter account :P but seriously great app. Keep up the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#72009:	   Not bad, bugs here and there but it is beta. Hoping shutter sound options get added later on 
fr.xplod.focal#72010:	   Are there some bugs? Sure! Does that make me not want to use it? Nope. This is the same reason why I bought a Nexus4 and run a custom ROM. (B)Leeding edge software rocks baby! Want to play it safe? Buy an ifone. 
fr.xplod.focal#72011:	   Capturing speed is excellent but I need to change resolution every time which is so annoying...,and also flash is not working...., my mobile is CANVAS HD.... 
fr.xplod.focal#72013:	   Changing iso crashes the app. Always. Nice app really good. 
fr.xplod.focal#72014:	   I'm really liking the direction this is going in, best camera app I've tried so far an only in the beta! However, minus the obvious crashes and bugs from beta, I do have one gripe: I wish there were more options for video resolution. Only have 3 right now. There should definitely be more, especially a lower one for sending MMS over text. Add more resolutions and I'll for sure support and keep using. Good start though! 
fr.xplod.focal#72016:	   . Lags a lot . Panorama doesn't work T-mobile stock rom 4.1.2 s3 t999 Not the lte models And when I take photo it has lines through pic uninstall 
fr.xplod.focal#72018:	   This camera is great. I have found 2 bugs for the galaxy s4 and I wanted to let you know. When using the front facing camera the picture shown has a stretched out width but in the final picture taken it is normal except it is rotated 180 degrees. I hope this helps. Also is there any chance an option to change the save location could be added? Thanks! 
fr.xplod.focal#72019:	   I still get the camera rotate to 90 degree when in panorama mode even after the latest update. It also force closed when went to settings. Hopefully most of the bugs will be ironed out once it's out of 'Beta'. 
fr.xplod.focal#72021:	   Very good app. Some bugs and I know it's still in beta. Keep updating... Thanks 
fr.xplod.focal#72023:	  Doesn't work on galaxy nexus 
fr.xplod.focal#72034:	   Tested on a Galaxy S3. Photo sphere no longer crashes, but it does not output a rendered photo. Everything is now very laggy. 
fr.xplod.focal#72035:	   Thanks for releasing Focal on the Play Store for everyone to use. However, there are a few inconsistencies on my Nexus 10. *The camera UI is still rotated 90. I'm thinking this is a common issue with the Nexus 10napchat has the same issue. I'm thinking it might be tied into why the compass in Google Maps is rotated 90. Not really sure, though, because I can't think of any hardware component that would connect the two. *There is lag throughout the UI, especially in swipes and gestures. Optimization is needed. 
fr.xplod.focal#72037:	   Crash after taking picture. 
fr.xplod.focal#72043:	   I am passionate photographer and have been in search for a really good app to take pictures... This app solves all problems and makes it very easy to snap some great snaps... I would recommend this app to anyone who wishes to get good shots out of their android phone... Good work guys... 
fr.xplod.focal#72051:	   Love the work! As a camera junkie (film, digital, and phone) I love the alternative of this camera app. The layout is intuitive and in my mind the future of Android design is heading in this direction. Yes there are bugs, but that is to expected with any betas. 
fr.xplod.focal#72056:	   Looks great but I get a package file invalid error message when trying to install. 
fr.xplod.focal#72064:	   For all of who rate the app 1 star. Did you bother reading the app description. It's a beta so some stuff don't work and it is crashing a sometimes. Overall great app with great potential. Keep the great work :-) 
fr.xplod.focal#72067:	   My Galaxy Note1 can't use stock camera app when enabled virtual navigation bar, now this app help me to take a photo too easy 
fr.xplod.focal#72068:	   I'm having issues with the app, it won't open on my note 2 it crashes instantly when launching it, I'm giving a 5 stars for the effort of porting the app and working on making it well... Work xD Thanks! And please fix the issue on note2 devices please. Edit : seems to be working on the note2 now! Still some crashes here and there, I'll send all the reports ti the developer. 
fr.xplod.focal#72073:	   Installed the application and doesn't want to open. Black screen. Please, fix issue 
fr.xplod.focal#72074:	   PicSphere does not work. Panarama doesn't work. And the camera orients the picture upside down. 
fr.xplod.focal#72076:	   Also can't save to SD. 
fr.xplod.focal#72078:	   I will give the app 5 stars when the front facing camera on a GSIII I'd fixed. All my pictures are being saved upside down. 
fr.xplod.focal#72080:	   Received 2 text messages claiming I'd won 2 million dollars within 5 minutes of installing this app. Screw that. Shame as it looks great but ads can p!ss off! Edit: Could be a go-to app for me if option existed to change save location to external SD. Above spam issues appear coincidence. 
fr.xplod.focal#72081:	   It looks great, but there are many bugs need to be fixed, I hope soon :) 
fr.xplod.focal#72083:	   Thanks for bringing this app to the store xplode, I was enjoying using this app watching the development till all the Cm Inc issues started. Hope to see your app make good progress now. 
fr.xplod.focal#72090:	   After update. Orientation fixed. Auto scene setting still overly saturating badly.. 
fr.xplod.focal#72097:	   The ic sphere" doesn't work on RAZR Maxx but I hope it can be fixed. I'm willing to give it time and see if the developer can make the pic sphere work. *crossing my finger. Doesn't look like they even attempted to fix the PicSphere with this update. 
fr.xplod.focal#72098:	   need some kinks fixed. on my razr maxx hd, the panorama view is off axis. ie when i do a panorama left to right the display i see moves up and down. Also the swipe away for features isnt too easy to do. i like the fact that you get to choose which features you want access to on the main display, then hide the rest. HDR should just be an on/off feature since there is no other option within the menu 
fr.xplod.focal#72102:	   After flashing multiple custom roms (many CM based, currently using an "Unofficial MDM Build") I had issues with my camera. Most of the included camera apps were buggy, on my hardware at least. A few came close but the rom would utilize a kernel which was not stable on the HTC Fireball (Droid Incredible 4G LTE). I was not able to find a separate camera apk which would allow my camera hardware to focus properly and I've tried most. (Even tried the ported Moto X one). So far this one has been the best, the focus of Focal is superb. It also rivals the exposure and sat of the original Sense software I left behind, includes all the basic filters, a lot of other great features, and an excellent UI. Aside from lacking a selection of storage locations, and the fact the app doesn't seem to be able to distinguish if I am holding my device landscape or portrait, I personally don't see any other flaws in my situation. Other opinions may vary. Sorry for the drama behind the scenes that caused the rift, but thank you for your work and for breaking this away from CM. Keep up the good work. Looking forward to seeing what comes next! 
fr.xplod.focal#72105:	   Is there going to be a fix for the orientation being off. I constantly have to rotate the picture the right way. Impressive how fast these updates have been great job 
fr.xplod.focal#72107:	   This is way more feature filled than google's camera app. Emailed Dev sent on some bugs which he fixed right away. Asus nexus 7 2013 Will pay to support Dev asap. Definitely worth downloading 
fr.xplod.focal#72110:	   I have a sgs4 and picts sphere is simply not working. Not reading gyroscope? 
fr.xplod.focal#72111:	   The camera launched, and then crashed the first time. Second, it would not auto adjust to the light. Third, the photo spear mode did not take any pictures. I'll stick to the default camera app for now. 
fr.xplod.focal#72112:	   My only problem is that image look weird, but after take a picture it look normal... 
fr.xplod.focal#72117:	   After first installing this app I tried to see what all settings it had. In going through each of the settings the app crashed 3 or 4 times. I stopped trying to check the settings and decided to check the photo sphere. It needs a LOT of work. The image seemed really shaky so I sat the phone on the table and the image was still shaking. I lined up with each blue dot and the images taken were really off. The final product was really bad. 
fr.xplod.focal#72118:	   Last update fixed rotation problem. HDR crashes app upon pressing shutter. Photosphere will not take additional pictures past the first shot. 
fr.xplod.focal#72119:	   best camera app out there, i love the separate manual focus and exposure adjustments. However those are kind of hard to see on the screen on a bright sunlight. And the photo isn't rotated in the correct direction and it doesn't remember the image resolution on relaunch (nexus 4) 
fr.xplod.focal#72122:	   ...but it constantly crashes on my HTC One and in panoramic mode the image is rotated 90 from what the phone is actually at. Virtually unusable at the moment. I hope to see this app get better. I like the feel of the UI 
fr.xplod.focal#72126:	   After using burst mode my camera seemed to crash. Gives me an error 'cannot connect to camera'. 
fr.xplod.focal#72127:	   Finally fixed the rotation issue on my S4! Now I can finally use it to replace the stock AOSP camera! 
fr.xplod.focal#72129:	   Everything works fine apart from Screen Orientation needs to be rotated,Burst mode is strange because you can't hold your finger on the capture button in continuous and also the flash after turning hdr off! I have to restart my phone or kill the app!! And the pictures it takes in hdr are not recognised in My Gallery!! Apart from that...Superb! Will rate 5 when these issues are fixed! Xperia Z Rooted on .244 firmware!! 
fr.xplod.focal#72132:	   Otherwise a neat app. Just a few fixes here and there and I'm sure this will soon be an awesome Camera replacement. Was really looking forward to photosphere tho. :-( 
fr.xplod.focal#72133:	   Still crashing on original Samsung Galaxy Note i717. Says 'unable to connect to camera'. Looking forward to fixes so I can finally try this app! Will update review when it works. 
fr.xplod.focal#72135:	   Lots of force closing issues on the note 2 but it is in beta hopefully the kinks will get ironed out. 
fr.xplod.focal#72137:	   facing problems like screen flickering when I am using this app, the screen starts flicking and flashing multiple colours like green pink, etc I Am using CM 10 on my Xperia Ray. 
fr.xplod.focal#72140:	   This camera thing will be awesome as soon as it's totally stable, minor bugs aside this app is the best 
fr.xplod.focal#72145:	   Nice looking camera app, doesn't rotate to landscape on asus tf300t, runs fine other than that a bit laggy as far as what's on the the screen to what's happening in front of the camera. causes reboot on Verizon sgs3 after taking pictures. would rate 5 stars other wise. 
fr.xplod.focal#72147:	   But it keeps crashing on my GS4 with GE ROM. Can't use Sphere and photos come up sideways in the pull-down photo viewer. Sadly, with every update it becomes less useable. 
fr.xplod.focal#72148:	   It's pretty good, but I have a problem. If I set the ISO to auto, the camera preview is choppy. Only ISO which isn't copy is 1600. 
fr.xplod.focal#72149:	   Front facing camera doesnt take picture, Panaroma mood has rotation problem and Picsphere isn't working. More importantly, Bro! Picture quality isn't up to the mark..Keep it in your list of development. 
fr.xplod.focal#72159:	   Even though I met lots of FCs and things that ain't working properly, I'm still giving this a five star because it has the potential to become something great. I'm watching this open sourced app. Keep it up dev! 
fr.xplod.focal#72161:	   Crashes when rendering a pic sphere. 
fr.xplod.focal#72163:	   Needs a bit of work since the photos save in wrong orientation for stills, the panorama mode is very buggy, and the photo sphere mode crashes when you try and save, but otherwise awesome with tons of features. 
fr.xplod.focal#72165:	   Kudos to the dev for listing the app! Loaded with features, but the view is tilted 90 degrees on my moto Xoom... But I am on a custom Rom so not sure where the problem lies... My Sony Xperia P with custom rom has no problem with camera view, thumbs up to that! 
fr.xplod.focal#72174:	   Slow, crashes almost every time. Photo option works. Video works, some glitches, but mostly good. Photosphere takes shots, but rendering stays at 11% and Focal crashes. I like the app, hope to see it fully functional and running all features without crashing. Good work, keep it that way! 
fr.xplod.focal#72176:	   Like the UI and layout of the app, but it is currently too laggy/glitchy to use the touch and drag on the shutter button (sure it is just an early bug) 
fr.xplod.focal#72177:	   This app is awesome for so may reasons but the biggest + for me is getting rid of the Stock Nexus camera's annoying rotation lag... Why does it rotate anyway? Other camera apps are nice and solve that issue but they feel the need to give you a splash screen. By the time the camera launches, the moment has passed. That one feature gets 5 starts. 
fr.xplod.focal#72181:	   I installed this app and initially I thought it looked kinda cool. It seems like it has a good range of features and I like the layout of the buttons and controls. However, before I could even take a photo with it, it froze. I did a long press on the home button and exited out of it, but from then on I couldn't use my phone's camera at all - even the stock camera app - as it just displayed an error message when the camera was launched. Even uninstalling Focal did not fix this, but thankfully, rebooting my phone appears to have sorted it out. So, based on the fact that I didn't even get as far as taking a single photo before it froze and borked the stock camera app as well, I can only give this 1 star. 
fr.xplod.focal#72195:	   Keep up with the updates and bug fixes, I'm a longtime fan and love this app, tks 
fr.xplod.focal#72198:	   The PicSphere is not work. When I go back to photo mode my phone is restart. Now, I can't even open the app. I see it's in beta, but it should work at least 60%. But the idea is great.. keep up the good work! I hope someday this app will replace the stock app... ;) 
fr.xplod.focal#72204:	   Samsung Galaxy Core When ever I open it..it crash & and also my camera won't work that time have to restart my phone 
fr.xplod.focal#72209:	   I'm quite new to the android scene, have bought my first android phone and was a bit disappointed by the camera app. But I love this one thou! Hope you will iron out the bugs and keep updating your excellent app. Thanks! 
fr.xplod.focal#72212:	   Which I love. Uses my 12 mp. But, no second camera. No touch screen capture. Noticeable lagging for burst and others. Picture crash. Cute interface though. Will download again when it's stabilized better. -Semc Xperia s 
fr.xplod.focal#72213:	   It didn't work on my GS3 
fr.xplod.focal#72215:	   App crashed before the update. After the update, the phone immediately reboots on launch or crashes after trying to render photosphere image. Update has npt fixed this at all 
fr.xplod.focal#72216:	   I actually like this camera app. It crashes from time to time. The HDR function does not seem to work. Like what the developer said, this app still needs a lot of work. 3 stars for the effort. 
fr.xplod.focal#72221:	   I can't record. That's the only one problem. 
fr.xplod.focal#72226:	   Running CM 10.1.3 RC1 on my GS3 (soon to switch to PA most likely) still with minor issues. Looking forward to continued dev of this app. Nice to see a developer with the conviction to stick by his morals. The community will support you long after the failure of CM inc. 
fr.xplod.focal#72236:	   The regular photos works great but there is a bit of a problem in the PicSphere mode after few photos the app crashed, and in the Panorama mode when I am taking the photo the viewing is upsidedown. I am using the Samsung Galaxy S3 Thank you for you wonderful job! 
fr.xplod.focal#72238:	   I love this. I haven't had any issue using it in Nexus 4 4.3 I have tried panorama spehere. All working good 
fr.xplod.focal#72240:	   The interface and image quality is very good. But there is bug about image orientation, the image won't rotate correctly 
fr.xplod.focal#72250:	   with  and X-Treme ROM 4.2.2 it is not working but it works in galaxy tab 8.9 with CM 10.3 
fr.xplod.focal#72253:	   needs work on photosphere though crashed on my GS3 . 
fr.xplod.focal#72255:	   Looks great. Only issue I've seen is my phone couldn't playback a video taken with it and the second attempt to go to video mode force closed the app. May be my phone though. Getting a note 3 at the end of the week and will update my review. 
fr.xplod.focal#72258:	   How come the white balance control doesn't work... 
fr.xplod.focal#72259:	   Crash everytime when I try to take a photo, photosphere, HDR, video and etc. 
fr.xplod.focal#72265:	   Works but when you go to use picsphere it crashes... Sgs3 
fr.xplod.focal#72267:	   As it is a beta I scored it with 5 as it has the potential to deserve it. Problems on A860L with s/w version S1234160 were: Text cut off at edge of screen (unreadably so). Photosphere mode fails to take pictures. 
fr.xplod.focal#72272:	  5 stars if they sort the bugs 
fr.xplod.focal#72274:	   Beta is a funny place, never quite know what you have. Doesn't work on my Galaxy 3-keeps closing app. I think once they figure out all the bugs, this should be a must have app. 
fr.xplod.focal#72275:	   I have a Galaxy S3 running Cyanogenmod. First capture froze the application so I exited. Tried to restart the app but said camera error. Used the CM10 camera then same error popped up. Will reinstall once more updates become available 
fr.xplod.focal#72278:	   On my Moto X, I seem to be having an issue where the viewfinder is "squished" horizontally. I think it's because the such moto x camera uses full screen and this just blacks out the navigation buttons. 
fr.xplod.focal#72283:	   After installing the latest update the app still crashes on note 2.disappointing :( 
fr.xplod.focal#72285:	   Needs some stuff fixed. Camera has kinky knew orientation - landscape. Can't turn off sound. Can't choose where to save photos. Will try this app again when it's more polished. 
fr.xplod.focal#72286:	   Works with a few glitchy points. But great start for a beta!!! and for those giving this a one start your morons!!! Its BETA so it might not work but that doesn't justify a one star! 
fr.xplod.focal#72290:	   It's beta software, so here are a few bug reports: HJR freezes the image but not the app, HDR captures three images with different exposures but does not stitch them, flash manually on for a bright scene doesn't fire the flash but flash fires when the menu is accessed again. Stock i9305. Good luck! 
fr.xplod.focal#72291:	   Still crashes on picsphear and panorama views. Fix and will get 5 stars!! Tmobile gs4 
fr.xplod.focal#72292:	   Orientation is screwed up on my galaxy nexus and overall ui is a little laggy, i hope these get fixed because this has potential! 
fr.xplod.focal#72295:	   Won't work on my note2 
fr.xplod.focal#72302:	   It crashed every time I opened it. When I then went to use my stock camera app, it also wouldn't work. It kept saying camera failed. I had to restart my phone to get my stock camera working again. Uninstalled 
fr.xplod.focal#72305:	   There are some crash issues with the  on the Galaxy S3. Other than that, the app is pretty smooth. 
fr.xplod.focal#72314:	   Optimus G Pro, app crashes force closes and then can not connect to camera.. 
fr.xplod.focal#72315:	   No option to store on device or card, but this is definitely on the right track. Will stick with this awhile and hope they get the bugs out. Can't watch to see what out of beta will bring! 
fr.xplod.focal#72317:	   Just will not work! sphere photo not proscessing at all. This would be the only reason to have this app! Nice try but....Failed!!!! 
fr.xplod.focal#72318:	   Latest update means I can now take a photo without it crashing! Dev is one of the best around.. when finished this will be my #1 camera app by miles. 
fr.xplod.focal#72323:	   Seems to be bugs, but it is in beta. The orientation is wrong so basically un usable. Also after taking pictures and closing the app, then going back in it will not take pictures again. I guess I will need to re boot my phone. Had it installed all of 3 minutes. 
fr.xplod.focal#72328:	   Nice UI but completely unusable on S4 with issues in orientation and non functioning panorama/photo sphere. 
fr.xplod.focal#72331:	   Working now on Galaxy II(Virgin Mobile Flavor)/Epic 4G Touch running Stock rooted 4.1.2 GB28 Kernel( after the latest update(Yay! And the same day I installed it.) but still occasionally crashes at random times.. Then when I click on report, the Play store stops working. It takes some practice to change the camera modes without accidentally taking a pic. Maybe needs a bigger area to touch to expand out the ring of options? Thanks for your efforts. Working on the TF101 running 4.2.2(EOS ROM) with some anomalies. the settings menus rotate the wrong way with device rotation. They are always sideways to the viewer. Same with images. they are sideways. The front camera(Also sideways) compresses the image in one direction(House of Mirrors style). Thanks again for your continued efforts. 
fr.xplod.focal#72333:	   One my HTC One (m7), there are a number of bugs. Maybe it takes a pic, or not. Maybe indicators are open, or not. This beta has some nice amenities, but I can't consistently take pics, so I am remanded to my previous app. I'd love to see this app ready for prime time, and would pay gladly for it! 
fr.xplod.focal#72337:	   I have never successfully made a pic sphere. Crashes every time. 
fr.xplod.focal#72340:	  This is a good program however it does not work well on Asus tf300t 
fr.xplod.focal#72342:	   It's waaaaaaaaaay beta, could have potential. Lots of force closes, glitches, and bugs. 
fr.xplod.focal#72344:	   I love the interface and the options but my photos always end up sideways. It was this way with the CM version too, but oddly it doesn't look like a common problem for other people. I'm using a Sprint Galaxy Note II (l900) running Carbon. Any suggestions would be welcome. 
fr.xplod.focal#72350:	   It's a promising app, even is on beta is really impressive. The only bug that I found is the HDR mode, the image doesn't load at all. Galaxy s4 SGH M919 running GE ROM 4.3. 
fr.xplod.focal#72351:	   Has good potential. having issues with photo sphere being inaccurate and lining up. Panorama is backwards and upside down. (move left & image moves up) ..... Verizon HTC one 
fr.xplod.focal#72354:	   . Crashed a few times while I was on the settings. Please add support to save on the SD card. Then it would be perfect. 
fr.xplod.focal#72356:	   The app takes better low light shots than the stock app on my xperia z, but the images take much longer to process. Also the app crashes when processing picsphere. The images are also not oriented properly and I have to rotate the pictures. 
fr.xplod.focal#72363:	   It's a bit sad to see Focal being cut off from Cyanogenmod, but fortunate for those of us not running pure CM (Paranoid Android et. al.). Of course beta is beta, and besides the listed bugs, there are a few more I've encountered. Video stutters, "PicSphere" crashes the app, and pictures come out upright in portrait and sideways in landscape. On Galaxy Nexus Paranoid Android 3.99 (4.3). Good to see you are still working on bugs, so I look forward to a polished release. 
fr.xplod.focal#72364:	   Much better features and better UI than stock. Video not working on S2 but I can live with that as I understand the reasons behind it. 5 stars when video working. 
fr.xplod.focal#72365:	   Downloaded for my Moto X because the default camera app has no settings, particularly annoying is that there's no photo size selection. Focal froze when I selected Blackboard and Whiteboard effects, and crashed on me once upon launch. Only thing I miss in Focal is the tap anywhere once to focus and then shoot. Instead there's a double tap for simple photo mode, but I don't like the simple mode. I just want to tap anywhere to take a photo, with my settings applied. 
fr.xplod.focal#72366:	   Good idea but it just works barely. Many functions force the camera to fail. (Galaxy Note with CM10.2) 
fr.xplod.focal#72367:	   I understand the beta stage, Bugs 1.laggy 2.a lil complicated 3.some fcs 4.green/pink screen keeps flashing 
fr.xplod.focal#72371:	   java.lang.RuntimeException: Fail to connect to camera service Rebooting and uninstalling this app. 
fr.xplod.focal#72374:	   Unstable on the rugby pro and several modes have major issues. Uninstalling till it's more stable. 
fr.xplod.focal#72380:	    with pick sphere, I'll keep reporting bugs :) 
fr.xplod.focal#72383:	   App is opening fine on HTC ONE with new update. Thanks for the quick fix! 
fr.xplod.focal#72386:	   When I switched to PicSphere the tutorial text appeared not fixing my screen, and it crashed after 1 or 2 operations, feel like very unstable. 
fr.xplod.focal#72388:	   Using on S3. Nice layout and plenty of features. Sometimes the double tap to set tap anywhere to take pix doesn't work. I wish there was just a setting to turn on and off the tap anywhere to take pic feature. This is one of the best features. Thanks for all your hard work. 
fr.xplod.focal#72399:	   Using this app, it crashed twice. I have no problem since it is in beta but I'm not seeing "camera failure" for the default camera app on the gs3 mini. I hope when I uninstall this app it fixes this issue. 
fr.xplod.focal#72402:	   Have been using the app, since the extracts were taken out of the CM build, the UI seems is much better now, and the app itself is much more stable on my Nexus 4. Will keep the issues posted on the thread. Effort much appreciated. 
fr.xplod.focal#72404:	   I love the amount of options available, and I love how it's miles better than the Stock Android app. Whoever, on my GE HTC One the viewfinder is way off. It seems to be cropping the image. If they fix that, though, this will be my primary camera app. I've been waiting for a good camera app to get rid of the awful stock android camera and now I finally got it. 
fr.xplod.focal#72405:	   I just updated a few moments ago and this most recent update cause the camera crash when in the section of viewing photos. I preferred Focal on Cyanogen 10.1x on my S3. I know you guys are commercializing but why did you have to take this app out? 
fr.xplod.focal#72407:	   Played with it before on Cyanogen for HOX and liked it.. this versions seems to crash randomly on ARHD 31.2 well for at least 
fr.xplod.focal#72408:	   Nice app works with s3 with some issues I just wish it will have some modes like slow motion drama shot Anyway all the best and I Wana support your work and hope people will help you :) 
fr.xplod.focal#72413:	   It cannot be used a a replacement for the stock camera app. The images captured are grainy and has some image noise. I'm sure the cyanogen mod team will work towards fixing these issues. 
fr.xplod.focal#72415:	   just trying PicSphare.. but it's crashed after pressing long shutter button. (while it's still rendering) after all, it's very great camera app.. hope this fixed on release version 
fr.xplod.focal#72416:	   Crashing on note 2 
fr.xplod.focal#72418:	   Very good of the Dev to fix 4.1 related issue quickly. Very clear definitions on burst and timer modes. Lots of options to play with. I wish there was a way to make the default stickiness of menus to go away. Focus is pretty much touch dependent and interactions with menus seem to change focus. Will see how this works out 
fr.xplod.focal#72419:	   On an HTC One gpe the panorama mode does not work well. It's rye first part I tested. Overall, if they get this out of beta quickly it looks like a great camera app 
fr.xplod.focal#72422:	   PicSphere does not work. Crashes every time. Panorama is out of orientation. :( 
fr.xplod.focal#72425:	   Please fix it for Nexus4 
fr.xplod.focal#72426:	   Front facing camera makes everything look wide and stretched out. I couldn't find the HDR mode. Will install later when the big are resolved. So far it's pretty cool and very similar to the stock android app. 
fr.xplod.focal#72429:	   Love it.. But. Crashes on 'photosphere' and numerous regular photos are just blank. Love the possibility of what this can be!! Will keep it installed to keep up with the updates, but its to unreliable now to use it as a daily driver. Verizon Moto X 
fr.xplod.focal#72430:	   It didn't work unable to even start the application to review it. 
fr.xplod.focal#72433:	   Love the concept, keeping open source, we're better solving problems together! Keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#72442:	   Great looking app. Tried out some of the features so far and am loving it :). Also kudos on the quick fix to have it run on my hox! Thanks for that! 
fr.xplod.focal#72445:	   Crashed after first pic Android thes my native camera wouldnt turn on. I had To reboot several times for my camera To work again 
fr.xplod.focal#72448:	   Will 5 star when FFC is fixed for Galaxy s3 
fr.xplod.focal#72449:	   Great camera app....freezes a lot tho, pictures blurry a lot, and in gallery all the pics rotation is messed up....no matter how I take the pic. Fix this stuff and camera will be great. 
fr.xplod.focal#72450:	   The app is designed really well, but unfortunately at times it randomly crashes and is never able to exit clearly. After closing it I noticed significant battery drain through mediaserver and after some close examination I was able to attribute it to this app. Seems like the app didn't exit clearly and it caused mediaserver to go into some type of battery draining infinite loop. 
fr.xplod.focal#72455:	   After I take a picture it always shows up on its side in my gallery. Always have to rotate pictures, very annoying. Please fix, will give a higher rating. 
fr.xplod.focal#72459:	   Though photo sphere causes crash. Samsung skyrocket running cm 10.2 
fr.xplod.focal#72460:	   Although this app its still in its early stages and there are some fc bugs the ui interface and options are fantastic and the widgets are a great idea. The exposure ring and focus ring is really useful especially for people that don't really know about all the settings. This app has definitely made taking pictures more fun and enjoyable. Oppo Find 5 
fr.xplod.focal#72462:	   Crashes when i launch it on oppo find 5 
fr.xplod.focal#72466:	   A great app by cyanogen team............. but need a lot of work.... seems phones with stock roms experience a lot bit issues than the custom ones........ please confirm........ and fix the issues.......... need exposure ring on my xperia acro s.... 
fr.xplod.focal#72474:	   Itr crashed as soon as I tried to open it on my canvas hd. Plz fix this problem. I wanna experience this app. 
fr.xplod.focal#72475:	   Hopefully will be fixed soon ;) 
fr.xplod.focal#72476:	   gs3 on cm10.2 nightlies. Does crash on open, but opens the second time after killing it. Freezes when camera is selected. 5 stars for the potential. Will purchase a donate version once it can replace stock cm camera features! 
fr.xplod.focal#72478:	  Crash on Samsung Galaxy S2 
fr.xplod.focal#72479:	   It's a good app with a ton of features, but it crashes when you select image size for video, and on my Gnex Toro, it crashes when you take a picture at 4.5mp. In panarama mode, orientation is messed up. 
fr.xplod.focal#72480:	   Not opening in galaxy s advance. .... 
fr.xplod.focal#72483:	   For those who say it doesn't work, read, it requires android 4.2..so it won't work if ur terminal is not updated. Looking forward for it to be stable, various crashes when you try to select scenes ecc ecc.. It's only great for macros right now thought! Keep up your great work! 
fr.xplod.focal#72486:	   Beta version does not work on Note 2. When trying to open the app the screen turns black for 2 seconds, then a message pops up saying the app has stopped. Please fix so that it works on the Note 2! 
fr.xplod.focal#72491:	   5 star for effort. When bugs will be fixed I'm gonna use this great app. Thanks man. 
fr.xplod.focal#72492:	   Poor app crashes everytime.. 
fr.xplod.focal#72493:	   Works very well on S3. Picsphere does not work very well, but everything else is better than AOSP. SD card support?? 
fr.xplod.focal#72496:	   Only get black screen and has stopped working. I will keep checking back as it sounds like a good camera . 
fr.xplod.focal#72497:	   Crashes on start with HTC One. 
fr.xplod.focal#72498:	   Doesn't work, crashes on start. 
fr.xplod.focal#72501:	   Immediately crashes 
fr.xplod.focal#72502:	   It is Free. No Ads. It is Beta. The developer is not getting paid does it on free time. Yes a few bugs, but I'm grateful that people make apps like this available. I hate everybody giving this app one star it is BETA and its is FREE. FYI it does not work at all on my Note II, it force closes but please continue I thank you in advance and look forward to using the app. 
fr.xplod.focal#72504:	   Thank you for the fast bug squash. No more FC on GS4. 
fr.xplod.focal#72506:	   Please fix this app on the Note 2 
fr.xplod.focal#72511:	   This app not working on my note 2 just pushed the icon and crashed please fix it wanna try this 
fr.xplod.focal#72512:	   Crashes immediately upon start on the HTC One. 
fr.xplod.focal#72513:	   Doesn't play well with gs3 running cm10.2. Sphere either fails to stitch or doesn't stitch properly. Pano is always sideways. I love the idea though, please make it work! 
fr.xplod.focal#72517:	   Tried with flash and screen shot of computer. Works great, fast. Thats good, rotated in gallery. Not so good (annoying) but fixable in Picasa. Thanks for all the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#72521:	   Everything works pretty well except for one thing. When taking a front camera picture on my Galaxy S3, the screen goes black and my phone reboots. Will bump up to 5 stars when that little bug is fixed. 
fr.xplod.focal#72528:	   Won't open for me. 
fr.xplod.focal#72531:	   As a beta product I expect bugs and problems but so far it runs smooth and doesn't have too many problems. Keep up the good work. 
fr.xplod.focal#72533:	   Obviously there are some bugs to be worked out, but I'm extremely excited to see so many options in a camera like this and for picsphere being available for so many devices. 
fr.xplod.focal#72537:	  not working on S4 
fr.xplod.focal#72539:	   I know it's still beta, so I'm patiently waiting for the fixes. App crashes when you long press to complete a picsphere. 
fr.xplod.focal#72544:	   Picsphere doesn't work. Viewfinder kept on moving and I couldn't get a fix. Took a few shots but the rendered picture came out blurred. Uninstalled. Btw, I'm on T0lte. 
fr.xplod.focal#72545:	   Seems to work well on my H TC One. I am stock. The only issue I see is that it made the phone very hot, very quickly... Jumped from 78 f to 95 f in five minutes... 
fr.xplod.focal#72546:	   Crash as soon as I open it please fix. Gave 3 stars so I won't lower the score of this great app but please work on an fix :D 
fr.xplod.focal#72548:	  Good aps. But when u wanna make a sphere photo in renderibg mode it crashes and stop working 
fr.xplod.focal#72555:	   It works for more than 2 seconds. I sent an error report so hopefully it gets fixed soon 
fr.xplod.focal#72558:	   loads of crashes and force closes for galaxy note 1 please fix really an amazing app Running Pa 2.9+ Not taking picture at all and after force closing if i open it says camera not accessible and even causes the default camera app to disconnect 
fr.xplod.focal#72562:	   There are problems with the , forcibly shut down 
fr.xplod.focal#72567:	   1. crashed during processing of photosphere. 2. no quick preview of the last taken picture. 
fr.xplod.focal#72571:	   Sometimes app crashes when I go from portret mode to landscape. And when I go to settings it crashes sometimes. 
fr.xplod.focal#72573:	   It crashes 2 seconds after opening. Would love to use it 
fr.xplod.focal#72576:	   Bug: Photo Sphere keeps rotating constantly. N7100 / CM 10.2 
fr.xplod.focal#72581:	   Great app, needs some work for HTC One Video settings but I am sure this will be fixed soon. 
fr.xplod.focal#72587:	  FC crashed Samsung S4 
fr.xplod.focal#72588:	   Using CWM 10.1 RC5...can't even get one shot from it without crashing. Would really like to use this app. Thanks for releasing it. Help! 
fr.xplod.focal#72589:	   It works great but I found a bug, the app force closes if I go to settings, image size while in video mode 
fr.xplod.focal#72591:	   Could be one of the best camera apps out there if all the bugs were polished. 
fr.xplod.focal#72595:	   The photo sphere bit seems to crash out when attempting to generate but otherwise: It's one of, if not the best camera app on the market even though it's still a beta. Great work! ***Edit: *** It may be crashing because I set the resolution to 12.8MP. If that's 12.8MP per photo and not per sphere, I can understand why it crashes. That's roughly 850MP per sphere (A tall order for a phone to process). 
fr.xplod.focal#72598:	   Photos are shifted by 90 degrees on my N4 after taking them. Fix that part lol. 
fr.xplod.focal#72601:	   Crashes and causes phone to get wanky lg g2 
fr.xplod.focal#72603:	   I was using this camera when it was available on CyanogenMod and I liked it even though it had some bugs that needed fixed. I saw lots of potential here. I am glad I can use it again because to be honest I was disappointed when cm removed it 
fr.xplod.focal#72610:	   There is some bug i think... Im using HTC ONE X, the burst mode is such as lagg to much between shots. And the pic size is only 6MP, althought my phones camera is 8MP. love certain features of this camera app, but not using it for now as 6MP, and the pic taken with this app kinda high noise and blur. Staying with HTC Camera apps. 
fr.xplod.focal#72611:	   Looking forward to some bug fixes, sorry to hear about your fall out with cm. They don't know what they lost 
fr.xplod.focal#72618:	   Noticed the app desapeared from cyano. Then i read about the issue. Good app 
fr.xplod.focal#72629:	   'Well what do I have to lose?' I thought, so I installed it on my HTC Desire, and it works, some slight tearing first time I opened it, but it's been fine ever since, ( camera driver issue, not a Focal issue). If it works on something this old, then it's well worth having, keep up the good work! 
fr.xplod.focal#72630:	   The app works very well as a basic point and shoot so far, but some of the features are still very much in beta. For example, on my AT&T Galaxy S4 the PicSphere UI seems visually distorted (vertically squished) and crashes on completion of rendering. Pictures also seem to be automatically rotated 90 degrees counter clockwise when taken. It is easy to rotate them in my gallery editing, but still an annoyance. It would also be nice to have the menu hardware key automatically pop up the settings widget. I will be on the lookout for my bugs the more I use it. I am definitely looking forward to the development of this camera application!! 
